The Joe Rogan experience
Did they get stronger?
No.
I just have... Did you always have glasses like do you have a eyeball issue?
Yeah, I got a stick with his.
But I got one for driving and one for my computer.
I used to have to use reading glasses.
Then I started using red light red light therapy and I think that for the first thing I started doing is taking this company pure encapsulation has this It's called Macular support.
It's like a combination of nutrients that help your eyeballs.
I don't know how
But I explained it to you, Roman, he read it off to me and he's like, this makes sense.
But then the big one was red light.
I started using red light therapy.
I don't need glasses anymore.
What?
Yeah, my glasses aren't perfect.
Like, in low light, they're not so good.
Like, you know, dark restaurant.
I have to use the flash light on my thing to read a menu, but I don't need glasses anymore.
So I've been wondering, is it that I'm getting older or are they just using darker light in the restaurant?
They definitely use dark light in restaurants.
I mean, young people can still read it.
Like, I've gone to restaurants with my kids and they can read in the dark.
I'm like, you can read that.
I can't read it.
But like, small print, like on my phone, like reading an email, I didn't used to be able to read it.
And now I can read it perfectly.
Oh, see now, I'm in that days now where I've got to start.
Switching, switching glass, different.
Yeah.
Here we go.
Listen dude, I'm just happy you're alive.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean, you know, you know, man, I don't know.
People don't know what we're talking about.
You had a heart attack.
Yes, I had a heart attack three months ago.
Yeah.
Super Bowl weekend.
In Atlanta.
Yeah.
I don't know where.
Well, was it really out of nowhere?
Not really.
You know, you're a marathon runner.
Right, right.
But I was sitting there, you know, honestly, I was sitting there thinking, because I remember the doctor, because we, you know, we really are, like, we've set ourselves up.
We kind of deal with trauma in a knot.
I mean, you go argue about whether how it's whether it's healthy or not.
But with, but our first go to his humor,
And I remember the doctor getting upset with me.
Like the surgeon, the lady I was about to, she was about to put a spit.
So, you know, I'm sitting there and she was like, hey, something very serious just happened to you.
You know, because I was just talking, you know, I was, but it was just how I was just coping, you know, right?
She was not happy about it.
Did you tell her that's how I deal with things?
No, I was already all drugged up in shit.
Because it was one of the things where I think you can't put you out.
completely, like it's not that kind of energy.
But I think they need you to be conscious, kind of, in case something goes wrong.
But whatever the fuck they put me on, I don't remember any of it.
And you were joking around and she was upset.
Yeah, what happened was, when I got to the hospital, the doctor that first saw me was like, I forget his name, but he was like, hey, I'm Doug, and don't worry about anything.
I'm gonna be with you the whole time.
You know, and then maybe 20 minutes later, they wheeling me in, they drugging me up, and I'm like, hey, where the fuck is Doug?
You know, and they're like, who's Doug?
I was like, he's, he promised me that he wasn't gonna leave.
Obviously, obviously, I was just joking around.
I know like he would just sand it.
So I would calm down.
I don't know why Doug thought he would bring me comfort.
But I just, but I, I, I, I fake made a big deal of the fact that I felt abandoned by Doug.
and she didn't think it was funny.
But somebody did, and that's all I needed was the laugh.
I'm like, it's you, bitch.
It's not me.
You're the problem.
You're too serious in here.
Well, why would she need you to be serious if you're getting this tent put in?
Would that make it work better?
I mean, to be fair, I think my whole life people have said as serious as a heart attack.
And I feel like if you dedicated your life to that, you probably a serious person.
I don't know any of the heart surgeons, but I bet they all pretty uptight.
Yeah, they have to be.
It's life for death with every decision that they make, right?
Yes.
They got to get it in on time, right?
Like if they're going to put a stent in you, if they're going to do something like if you're one of those people like you are that
If you didn't address this, you would have died.
Right.
So that's one of those things that's time critical.
So I guess with those people, like, hey, stop fucking around.
Like in their mind, like, I got to save you.
I got to figure out what has to be done within a certain amount of time and get you on the road to recovery because if I don't, you're dead.
You know what, something I should ever remember.
And this was just flat, so it's not only remember that these couple suckers, is she kept yelling at me because I kept moving my hands.
So basically, like, I'm laid down like this and they want you to keep, they want you to keep your hands right by your side.
And I just remember, I kept coming to with her being like, hey, keep your hands.
She might have said, keep your fucking hands down.
I don't know though, but I don't know.
I ain't gonna make no accusations.
But she was clearly upset about it.
She was upset.
But I'm like, I'm on drugs.
You gave me.
I'm not going in on purpose.
Apparently my de-thought response.
because they put it, they have to put it standing, but they go through your groin.
So apparently, my default response is to protect my dick.
Like I'm waking up, somebody's fucking around down there.
You know?
It's like, why don't you all time me down if it's that important?
What's the time I has down?
Right.
But maybe they can't, I don't know.
I don't know what else is going on.
And medical people are real sensitive about criticism.
You know, some of them were really like, we save lives.
How dare you?
It's like, all right.
Yeah.
Somebody else still asks us though.
But they don't have the best sense of humor.
They can't.
Like, that's not the way.
If you want to be a really good doctor, you can't be all so stand up.
Yeah.
Well, see the nurses have a sense of humor.
Right.
The nurses are fun.
It must be different species.
Yeah.
Nurses are fun.
Like nurses come in.
They joke around with you.
They fuck around.
Like some of them do at least.
Yeah.
And some of them can't.
Let's be honest.
in Atlanta and Atlanta, the nurses were incredibly attractive.
Like real.
It was for hot nurses everywhere.
It like nurses and it's something about like that text.
Like working at it, the lady's working at the vet hospitals.
Yeah.
It's something about going to that field.
I don't know what it is.
That text mean veterinarians.
Yeah, that's what they're doing.
But not the doctors.
Right.
Just the nurses.
Well, the people who love animals, sweet people.
Oh, yeah.
And money.
They love animals.
I know about the nurses don't usually love money.
If they did, they wouldn't get into that profession.
But the veterinarian hospital certainly loves money.
And ministrations.
Speaking of which, I can't, I can't decide which pisses me off more is
like when I get to build at the at the human hospital or when or because at the vet hospital I feel like they I feel like they're like they're extorting me you know like when I got the bill from this hospital I was like god damn but
I wasn't there and they were, because they didn't walk up to me while, like, before the surgery and go, what's it gonna be?
Right.
But when it's your pet, that's what they do.
We could do this life-saving thing, which is the best thing to do, but it's way more money than you have.
Or, you know, you can be a piece of shit, pet owner, and get the $20 thing.
They're trying to get you to take out a loan.
All that.
Just really turn the screws.
That's awful.
Yeah, I don't know when the last time you had to do some serious shift for your pet.
Pretty reasonably.
Marshall swallowed a bunch of rocks.
Oh, God.
Yeah, he, um, we, someone spilled chicken food on the gravel and he ate on the chicken food and then just kept eating and started eating gravel.
Oh my God, he's retarded.
He's the sweetest, he's the sweetest, sweetest dog that's ever walked face to the earth, but he is not clever.
And so, um, we bring him inside, no one knows, no one knows anything that happened.
And then he starts throwing up and he's throwing up rocks like little pebbles.
and then he starts getting diarrhea and he's diarrhea and pebbles.
I'm like, oh, no.
And then we put two and two together, we figured out what happened.
And so then I had to take him to the vet.
So I took him to the vet and he had to stay there overnight.
And luckily, they didn't have to do surgery.
They pumped it out of it.
They somehow another got the rocks out of his stomach and they had to keep scanning it to make sure there's no rocks remaining in there.
And so he passed all the rocks, either through them up or shit them out.
And then within a certain amount of time, I think he was there for
He was there for at least 24 hours, but after a certain amount of time he started eating and then they weren't worried about him anymore.
That dog fucking eats.
He just all he wants to do is eat.
He gets so excited.
He wants to do his favorite thing.
He wants every morsel of flavor out this dirt.
It's so crazy he kept eating rocks.
I mean, he ate pounds of gravel.
It wasn't like a small amount of gravel.
It was the mountain gravel that was in my living room.
On the carpet was crazy.
Oh wow.
The out of throw up and just diarrhea.
It was everywhere.
It was, it was a crime scene.
I bet you he won't do that shit again.
Oh yeah, you will.
He'll do it tomorrow.
Dude, Doug doesn't learn shit.
He's the best, like he's a sweet dog.
I love him so much.
He's just all love.
Every time I see him, he's just wagging his tail.
I get down the ground with him.
He kisses me, I hug him, I rub his belly.
He's the best, but he is not.
That used to be a wolf.
That's what so fucked up about human beings.
We took something that's the most clever, most, like communicate with each other.
They plan traps on animals.
They're so clever.
You can't, and also, you can't train them.
You know that about wolves?
You can't train them.
That's why you don't see wolves in the fucking circus.
You cannot train.
You could train a bear.
You could train a lion.
You could train a tiger.
Wolf's just go fuck you.
I'm gonna do exactly what I want to do.
But not dogs.
It's certainly not my dog.
Marshall, he's the sweetest.
He was so easy to train.
You could train a lion, but you can't train a hawk.
You could train house cats to do certain things.
Some people have trained their house cat to shit in the toilet.
No, there's a video of like, I want to see his Russian.
He's like the world champion.
Can't train in.
And she's getting these cats to do a whole bunch of shit, but every now and then they do what they want.
They just do what the fuck they want.
Yeah, that's true.
You can't get them to do it like like a really good dog with like a Belgian malam on.
Absolutely.
It just does every task you ask him to do that's impossible.
But with wolves, you can't train me to do anything.
They won't listen.
I didn't know that.
They don't listen to you at all.
I had a friend who had wolves.
He had like seven eighth timber wolves.
And they got out and killed a bunch of his neighbor sheep.
They like, you couldn't stop them from doing anything they wanted to do.
Whatever they wanted to do.
Why do you have a pack of wolves?
He's an idiot.
He had three of them.
I was like, you don't have these dogs.
You just feed them.
You don't, this is not like a dog.
they don't listen to you and you have a house with a yard like that's crazy like you you should have like an enormous piece of land and even then if you have wolves they're gonna kill everything they've run across yeah they need miles yeah of space yeah they're they're cardio machines they run through the mountains they chase down moose that's why I guess I'll irritate it when because I'm gonna I'm in the apartments now
And I'm in one of those.
I don't know what the fuck is going on with my building, but it's full of dog.
Like the building is for dog people.
There's a dog wash.
The all of the grass around it is all fake.
And there's there's a fucking shit bags every 10 feet.
And the front of the building from like noon to 4 p.m.
It always just the strongest sin of dog piss because 50 people have walked their dogs around.
And that's fine.
I don't mind that at all.
But what irritates me?
is when I see, because I know I have the biggest apartment in the building.
And I know that I don't have room for, like I don't have the room for like a blue, like a blue healer.
Right.
And it's like, you see motherfuckers with dolls, like that was like, yo, you, that dog needs to be running miles every day.
Why do you got that big ass dog?
Oh, yeah, I see it.
I saw them.
I saw a cane corso.
Mm-hmm.
That's crazy.
It's like you got a King Corso in a, you know, in a, in a thirteen hundred square foot apartment.
And I don't, and he's everything.
I don't see that motherfucker every day.
So you, you skipping days, this motherfucker needs to hurt things or order.
It needs to have exercise.
It's like having an MMA fighter living in your house.
You better take them to the fucking gym.
Oh, yeah.
Cause people love to blow off steam.
When people find out that I have a cat day, I was like, oh, so your apartment smells like a cat.
No, no, but you know, you know, whose place is always smell bad is people that have a dog that's too fucking big to be in the place.
Yeah.
There's also they probably can't wash it right.
Like what are you gonna do?
Do you get in the shower with it?
I used to get in the shower with my dogs.
I bring Marshall to a groomer, but my dog Johnny, he's the love to get in the shower with me.
Really?
Yeah.
He was a big master and he would love it because he was just massages and love in the shower.
I just cover him with shampoo and I would talk nice to him.
I'd go, oh, we're good and so clean, buddy.
He give me kisses.
We're a group of children.
Something about seeing their human with no clothes.
I think they lock because my cat doesn't.
She loves to come in the bathroom whenever she knows I'm naked or she has a shower when she just sit there and watch.
It's probably weird to them that you could take your clothes off.
I mean, you know, I think it's weird to them that you wear clothes at all.
Oh, for sure.
They're like, what?
Yeah, what are you doing?
Why you under the sheet tall a time?
Yeah.
And I don't I've solved my stance on people that put clothes on their animals, but I'm like, they don't like it.
Well, some dogs like Chihuahua's in the winter.
It's a good idea.
It's like 30 degrees.
I like the dog likes it.
No, the dog likes that you like it.
I mean, like pleasing you, but they don't want clothes on.
They don't, but if you have like a little, like, like a chihuahua, for instance, they get really cold.
Those guys, if you put a little sweater on them, like they feel better outside.
It just makes sense.
It's more.
But okay, then go all the way down with a bootset.
It's a little more boots in the summer because the New York City, like the street gets so hot.
Like, if you think about how hot the street gets, if it's 98 degrees outside, it was like broken glass.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
I mean, you're just walking on hot rocks.
Right.
But also, what are you doing with that big ass dog in New York City?
That's true.
There are no apartments.
Who are you?
Why you got a great day in our head?
I mean, I would have to make a choice.
Like, for some reason, I had to move to New York City.
I'm not getting rid of my dog.
And I'm not leaving my dog here.
I can't be rid of your dog.
No chance.
Now chance and hell.
So I would just have to commit to a lifestyle, a taking that dog out to like Central Park every day, doing things to them every day.
I would have to make a choice.
I would have to live near the park for sure.
Like for me to get rid of my cat, it's something it would have to be.
It would have to die.
They'd have to die or it would have to be someone where like I am absolutely not capable of.
you know like I'm I can't move right or something crazy like right right right right right right right when I try to when I moved out here from Cali uh like she she came fly oh so did you drive across the country I paid somebody to oh there you go oh me that would that would be a fuck actually I didn't have a car to time but that would be a nightmare mm she this is the most stubborn like this creature like I have a hard time getting her I've taken her to three groomers they all been like yeah come get her
Because she doesn't like to be restrained in any way.
And at the slightest sign that you are thinking about holding her down or putting her in something, she will fight with everything she got.
Is she a ferrocat?
No?
Well, she might have been.
She might have been.
I got her.
The story of the lady told me it doesn't really add up, but basically she
a divorce happened.
This family had two cats in a dog and then the wife got the house and started fostering animals.
And then my cat's brother who, so her and her brother were their original cats.
My cat's brother started
Basically, like, joined this pack of cats, because Milly don't socialize at all.
But her brother kind of turned on her.
Came in thrones.
Yeah.
And so, since then, she was just hostile with everybody.
All the animals, I mean.
And so, when I came to get her, all these animals were in this lady's house, except Milly.
She was in a garage, and they had a little post, and she was in a garage.
And when I came to take her, she was so down to go.
She was like, fuck all them people, fuck my brother, fuck just, she was so like you.
Oh, yeah, she loves me.
She still, to this, she follows me from room to room.
Oh, what's that sweet?
Yeah, yeah.
But she also gets to just choose one person too.
She also hates me too, so.
She hates you?
I think she hates... She probably had bad experiences.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
She just, she got some kind of trauma that I don't even know about.
I gotta give her some kitty cat, Ayahuasca.
I've had to put her on CBD and shit before we go to do that.
Really?
This episode is brought to you by KetoneIQ.
I don't care who you are.
Performance is a mental.
I talk for a living, so I'm always looking for a way to stay sharp.
Keytone IQ is one of the few things that actually feels like a game changer.
It came out of a $6 million US military research program on human performance.
It's a small shot of Keytones fuel your body makes when fasting or training and your brain loves it.
I use it before long days for a smooth, steady focus, no spikes or crashes, and it's clean.
No sugar, no carbs, no preservatives.
Go to ketone.com slash rogan for 30% off your subscription order.
Or find ketone IQ at Target stores nationwide in the protein and electrolyte aisle and get your first shot free.
They're so confident that they'll even offer a 60-day money-back guarantee.
Go ahead and take your shot.
Do you ever put her in Katnip?
You ever give her Katnip?
Oh, yeah, sometimes she can hide and roll around and get freaky.
She loves it.
What is this so weird?
What does Katnip work on every Katnip?
I've never seen a Katnip where it doesn't work on.
Imagine, I mean, there's shit like that for people.
And just do someone.
But I don't know if it gets them high.
I don't know what it's doing to them.
So then, but let's find out.
I really have no idea what the mechanism of, let's put this into proplexity.
All right, Jimmy, what's proplexity?
Catnip is an aromatic, proplexity is our AI sponsor.
Yes, we have an AI sponsor.
Oh, shit, okay.
It's the shit.
It's not ideologically captured.
Catnip is an aromatic herb in the mint family whose leaves and stems contain a chemical.
How do you say that word?
Neppetal love.
Want to try that, Jamie?
Neppetalactone.
The triggers playful or euphoric behavior in many cats.
Many cats.
Interesting.
I thought it was all cats.
Plant is native to Eurasia, now common across temperate regions and is easy to grow in North America, often in gardens or pots.
Why cats react to it?
Catnap contains an oils, main active compound, is nephatolactone, a type of terpen, produced in glands on the leaves and stems.
When the cats smell nephatolactone, it binds to receptors in their nose and stimulates brain pathways linked to mood.
leading to behaviors like rolling, rubbing, purring, meowing, jumping, or brief zoomies.
Only about two thirds.
Oh, okay.
80% of cats are sensitive to catnip.
The tendency is genetic.
The effect usually lasts five to 15 minutes after which they become temporarily immune for a while.
Interesting.
Is it safe?
For most cats, cat members considered non-toxic and safe, and many of that's recommended as enrichment to encourage play and reduce boredom or stress, eating a small amount is usually fine and may suit the digestive tract, but large amounts can cause short-lived stomach upset, vomiting diarrhea, or dizzyness.
You can't just fucking a fiend.
Oh, shit, you only supposed to give a pinch?
I don't know.
That's what it's like down there.
Only a pinch.
Oh, here it goes.
Because of this, people typically offer just a pinch of dried or fresh.
How much do you give your cat?
You give her a bad bag.
I just let her go at it.
You know what's funny man?
My cat is very like I let her do what she wants.
You know like I let her she she gets she can go outside like you know she's not she's not an outdoor cat, but if she want to go out, I don't open the door because I make you know this I make sure outside is not
some mystery place that she if she want to go I'll open the door and let her go and then after she get cold or so here's something smell run back in house because that way she's not like just dying to go out there right right right I'm not worried about her running away I'm worried about coyotes man
When you let cats out, man, coyotes are fucking every day target your house.
Do you know where the cats are?
Do you know the cats that get let out?
Yeah, but it's like nothing comes near my builder, because it just smells like just, it smells like $50 in there.
Yeah, but they eat dogs too.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, my daughter's puppy got eaten by a coyote in California.
I was training and he left the puppy outside.
I got eaten by coyotes.
Bravo, so you know, coyotes.
Oh, I see him.
Also, but here's the other thing too.
My girl is, you know, she, she takes zero chances.
The slightest side of danger.
She's already down.
No, she got 50 spikes to hide and run.
Okay.
Like she's never gotten into with it with anything.
The thing about coyotes is they're having their predators, right?
And cats.
are predators too, but pets are different than wild animals.
They're very different.
They'll bring a fucking mouse in the house.
Yeah, I mean, they kill stuff.
They kill stuff for fun.
But there's a difference between that and needing to eat and needing to eat cats in order to survive, which is what coyotes do.
So coyotes know where the cats are.
They know what this smell when cats are peeing outside.
So if they know a cat lives in a house, they know the cat piece outside.
They just hover near by and wait because they know it's a matter of time for the cat us to go outside.
You was wondering when I've seen the coyote the whole time I lived in Los Angeles.
They'll hide three years now.
They hide.
No, I saw them all the time in LA though.
You'll see them.
They exist.
You know what it is?
I think it's that the ones out here aren't starving like the ones in LA were.
Right.
So they get bolder and bolder if they hungry it they get.
Well, the thing about Austin, as opposed to LA, is there's a lot of animals, and there's a lot of moisture, right?
So if you're outside of greater Austin area, like a lot of these, I see them all the time out where I live, because there's a lot of animals where I live.
I see like foxes almost every day.
I see armadillos a couple times a week.
I see deer every day.
I always see the, especially when I come home, I see foxes running across the road.
There's all kinds of animals.
So there's all kinds of things that coyotes eat.
A lot of rabbits, all kinds of things coyotes eat.
And so they don't have to come into the city.
Whereas in LA, you've got LA and then everything around LA is just barren.
You know, it's all dry and fucked up and you might find a rabbit, but it's ways to eat someone's cat.
And I think I think that every person doesn't realize.
How many coyotes are around them?
Oh, yeah.
Every major city.
They're like, they're like raccoons.
They're in every city everywhere.
There's a great book on it called coyote America.
Oh, yeah.
It's really good.
And it's all about how coyotes, what happens is when they yell out, they're doing like a roll call.
And when they're doing a roll call, they're letting all the other coyotes know that they're there.
And when one of them's missing, the female coyotes assumed that that coyotes dead.
And so their body responds by making a larger litter.
What?
So they get that.
So they'll have more babies if someone's missing.
Damn, death makes them horny.
Well, it makes them have more children.
They always have children.
They're always horny, right?
But they instead of having three pups, they'll have six.
and they spread out because they were persecuted by gray wolves like that's the whole deal and being gray wolves and red so coyotes and red wolves mate with each other that's why you get what they call coy wolf but it really is coyote is a wolf it's a type of wolf but they're not related to the gray wolves and gray wolves and coyotes don't mate so gray wolves the ones that have like Colorado and
You know, like Montana, those wolves just eat coyotes.
They just kill them.
They don't fuck around.
So there's no chance of becoming allies.
So those coyotes learned a long time ago when they start getting killed by wolves just spread out to get the fuck out of there.
Keep moving.
That's why they're in 50 states.
They're in every city in the country now.
And there wasn't the case when I was a kid.
When I was a kid, like I grew up in Massachusetts in my high school years, there was no
fucking coyotes.
Nobody, I never even heard of anybody seeing a coyote.
I never saw a coyote in my life until 1994 and I remember in LA they had those Oakwood Garden apartments.
It's like furnished apartments that they had in LA and I was driving to it.
It was like my first move there.
I didn't have an apartment yet.
When I first moved there, I was like, this fucking dog, so these dogs, and like, oh shit, there's a coyote.
I remember pulling the car over, looking at him like, this is weird.
These weird little wolves just wandering around the city.
Like, that's how you know you see in the coyote, you like, is that a dog?
Well, that was the first time, and that was in 94.
But by the time, we left in 2020.
Fuckin' they were everywhere.
I mean, everywhere.
They expanded.
And now they're in New York City.
They find them in the middle of the fucking park.
They find them in the Bronx.
They're in abandoned buildings.
They're all over the place.
They're in Chicago.
I was in the whole country.
When I was in LA, one of the neighborhoods I lived in, I was like, I was in the neighborhood Facebook group.
and it was the dude in there.
His name was Coyote.
The guy's name was Coyote.
He just wanted everybody to know that he loved Coyote so much.
And he would literally, he would defend Coyote, he's no matter what the fuck they did.
Like somebody would be in the basement room.
Hey, Coyote, fucking ate my dog right out of my hands, watch out.
And this guy would be like, if anybody here harms the Coyote, they have to answer to me.
Fuck your dog.
Oh, yeah.
I think his name was like, his name was like Coyote Jones or something like that.
He was serious.
He was real serious.
Really in the coyotes.
He was, you know, everybody got that thing.
Wow, they're an interesting animal, man.
That's, it's really interesting in that book.
It was, it's all about, you know, who's, um, I just saw something about how racoon's are the next animal that that's being, uh, you know, tamed or domesticated or whatever.
I believe that the ones in the city are starting to have like shorter snouts.
Oh, whoa.
Yeah, they're starting to look more like how wolves became bitch ass wolves when they get around the fire.
Yes, they're basically they're starting to get cuter like dogs.
The ones closer to us are getting cuter because they know it gets them treated better.
the cute ones have one of the more babies.
The same thing.
Wow.
I know, and that's crazy.
Because I've read some way that we haven't actually domesticated cats or not.
That makes me domesticated isn't the word, but never got them to the point where we did it with dogs.
Yeah, but but raccoons are getting there.
That's so interesting, because but it makes sense.
Like, did you ever hear about that Russians thought they did with foxes?
Like, how quickly you can domesticate a fox?
Oh, no.
I don't know.
You can do that.
It's really quick.
So you start out with foxes and any fox that shows any aggressive, you're talking about with a bunch of foxes.
Any fox that shows any aggression to a person you kill it on the spot.
The bang did fuck you get all the ones that survive or ones that have no aggression towards people and then slowly their snouts get shorter and their ears start to flop and over the course of like 10 years you got a totally different animal
See if you can find that.
Why don't people do that?
Well, they did do that with this one study, but it was just to show how quick things change, like given natural selection, like natural selection dictated that if you're a sweeter fox, you live.
If you show your teeth, they fucking shoot you in the head, you know, and I'm sure Russian scientists are probably a little bit more hardcore.
Oh, Chinese.
Here it is.
Dimitri Bailov in Ludemilia Truth.
The Russian Fox Domestication Programme is a long-term experiment in Novosibiria that successfully bred domesticated silver foxes, a form of red fox, selecting specific
Specifically for tameness, after over 60 years and dozens of generations, Fox act like domesticated elite pets, displaying dog-like behaviors such as tailwagging, licking, and whining for attention.
So you can buy them?
Can you buy one of these foxes?
That's crazy.
See if there's a video?
Oh, you get one for 9,000 bucks.
Let's, uh, known for high energy and eating intensive care.
Yeah, you don't want that.
And you're fucking 1,300 square foot apartment.
We'll mix them and eat though.
It is interesting, right?
What does that mean?
Does it look very AI?
Let's see.
It's who knows nowadays, right?
Oh, look, this lays got a fox, isn't it?
Oh, wow.
They're like little dogs.
That's crazy.
But the thing about foxes are they are like playful in the wild.
Even wild foxes are playful with people.
All this little guy's missing a foot.
I don't know if those are wild or the things.
These are just different foxes.
I don't think these are those foxes.
This is just right.
It's showing the info and then showing a bunch of different foxes.
But if you remember Grizzly Man, like that movie, the Warner Hursard movie, so he was living in the middle of Alaska around these bears.
And the foxes would come and hang out with him.
And the foxes would hang out in his tent, they would play with them, they stole his hat once, and ran away with his hat, and he was chasing them, trying to get his hat back.
And the bears don't attack the foxes?
Well, they probably would if they could, but foxes probably can get away.
I mean, they probably catch a fox lip in every now and then, but mostly what they were looking for, they were salmon.
They're eating a lot of salmon.
And when bears get salmon, that's all they want.
Like, there's a crazy video that we've shown before of this guy.
And they're on the edge of a river.
And the salmon are running.
There's all these bears in there that are just like, just gorging on salmon, which is why those coastal bears are so much bigger.
Like, codiac bears, like Alaska, the reason why they're so much bigger is because they have access to salmon.
They have access to fish.
And all the other animals through there too.
When there's a salmon run, that's all they want.
They just want to eat salmon.
So you're saying like, if you give salmon to a bear that's never had salmon before, it'll just, that's all it'll want to do.
No, that's what I'm saying.
I wouldn't, it's probably delicious.
I mean, that's why we like sashimi.
But I think it's the access is so easy.
They don't have to chase anything.
They just stand in the river.
It literally comes to them.
They just bite it out of the air.
You see how bears do that?
Yeah.
And bears are kind of lazy.
Like if they can preserve energy, they will.
They just want to get fat for hibernation.
right so they just want to eat as much as possible so the point is like when that they're like that and they're just eating fish you don't have to worry about them they're not even going to kill you so this dude is like sitting there he's got a little lawn chair and this fucking giant bear just walks up aside him and sits down like sits down almost like a person
And they're like, hey, get out of here.
Hey, what I mean, it is as close to him as you are to me.
And it might be a thousand pounds.
I mean, this thing is fucking gigantic.
And you see the river behind them.
So you see all these bears and just scoop and salmon on the river.
And what is the, what is the bear trying to tell him about doing that?
Bear's not.
It doesn't give him a fuck.
He just comes and sit down.
Like you might be a stick or a person.
It doesn't matter.
It's eaten salmon.
Sorry.
Like watch this.
Look at this.
This dude's sitting there with his fucking chair.
This giant ass bear just comes next to him.
Look at the size of that thing.
But it's not interested in him at all.
It's not like playing coy.
It's not pretending.
It's not going to kill him.
It doesn't care about him.
It doesn't think that he's going to eat it.
That's for fuck sure, right?
So it's like he's just chilling.
That might as well be, look at it.
He says down like a person.
Bro, you know what it is about these motherfuckers.
It's how fast it can go from this to terrify.
Yeah, to 45 miles an hour.
But look, it's like, hey, get out of here.
Then it walks off.
Is that alright?
No, you're very troubled.
Just trying to get out.
It's amazing that the thing listens to him.
But they also amazing that he's not freaked out.
I guess he's taking a photo.
So in that video, you see, there's a ton of bears that are just hanging out in that stream.
And they don't fight with each other either during those situations, because they know there's so much salmon, there's enough for everybody.
So like, if one of them kills a moose, right, the other ones will come over and try to steal it from them.
Voku, that's my moose, and they'll, they'll, they'll, it's only one food source.
But on these rivers, there's just constant fish coming out.
I just grab them and eat them.
And they're fucking gigantic because of that.
We don't know shit about these animals, man.
You know, little.
You know, I just saw some shit about Florida, so they have a serious snake problem now.
I think it's Python's.
Yeah, it's Python's and how to do it on Python cowboy.
He gave us a head.
Where's that head?
You know what that is?
Well, yeah, well, they, so they, they, they've been trying to catch, so apparently it came from the 80s and the 90s of like a big python pet boom.
And there's a research center that got hit by a hurricane.
Right, that's what I was about to say.
The hurricane came.
They got they released into the wild now.
It's a problem.
And they tried paying hunters to get them and they tried to training dogs to find them.
And nothing is good enough.
But then they made
They made robot rabbits.
See this?
Yeah, they made robot rabbits, and they made them, they put them in these boxes, and they generated fake body heat, and the scent of rabbits and everything.
And it did attract, it did pull the snakes, but it pulled everything else too.
So what ended up happening is,
the Snakes Only Natural Predator was these was alligators.
And the Alligators was fucking these things up.
And the Snakes purposely avoided the Alligators.
So it ended up having the opposite effect.
The Snakes stayed away and the Alligators were fucking these boxes up.
And it was almost a complete waste.
I think one of the nerds as they were about to shut the whole fucking thing now, he noticed in the data that
what they actually found out.
So they plugged into AI and the AI did this whole fucking map of all the data because apparently before every attack, those boxes were still like tracking movement and everything was going on.
And they found out that the animals have like highways.
So it's not that the snakes were in random places, is that the snakes and the oligators were using these highways that only they could smell.
of like the quickest ways to get through the Everglades and stuff like that.
And so they were able, so now they just, they know where they are and they know how they get from one part of the swamp to the other.
And they didn't, so we learned something.
We still don't know what the fuck to do about the Python.
They used to dogs a lot where the dogs find the eggs.
Well, they, they've trained these two dogs specifically, but they got to the point where it's like,
You know, you just, it's just so much ground to cover $2 on doing it.
And it was, because so, that's the problem with the Python.
I mean, we could wipe them out if we wanted it.
I don't think we can.
What the problem is, it's just so big.
What that's my point is, we can't, like, the cost of doing it.
We just haven't found a way where we can do it where it doesn't cost just a crazy amount of money.
But you think about all the money that do spend shit on?
Like, if they got all this Somali daycare center money back, you can kill the snakes.
Yeah, do you see Ilhan Omar?
She was reading off of, uh, the script.
She's the woman who's a congresswoman from Minnesota, from Minneapolis.
And she was reading, she's connected, at least accused of being connected to this Somali daycare center.
She's, she's Somali.
She's, she's accused of being connected to this fraud.
So she's reading off this script.
and you know how people write world war two and they use like ii for two oh yeah she reads it as world war eleven
This is a Congress person.
She's a Congresswoman.
See if you can find the video.
It's kind of adorable.
It's kind of adorable because I don't think English is their first language already.
At least it does.
The last time the alien enemies act was invoked.
It was used to detain and deport German, Japanese, Italian, immigrants doing war war 11.
I didn't know she caught it.
I never saw it.
They always cut it off before she caught it.
Well, that's politics, bro.
Dude, politics is fucking brutal, man.
Gross.
I don't understand why anybody will want to go into it.
But you might, how could you say World War 11?
Like you know, there haven't been, oh, but I'm saying other wars you forgot about.
But I've said way, damn I should think.
But if you ever read not for written speech, I mean, I would almost be, you know, there's, I do on a daily basis.
I do things or say things that
Like, I'm like, I definitely shouldn't have children.
You know, like, I'm... Well, if you did, they would make fun of you.
I'm too forgetful to put shit in my kids, make fun of me.
It's normal.
Yeah, my partner being a person.
To pretend that you don't say stupid shit, but the thing is like, you and I say stupid shit publicly.
Like, we'll say stupid shit.
Oh, podcast.
Oh, yeah.
And sometimes, sometimes you pay to pay for it.
But I'm talking about stuff that I would be embarrassed to have said publicly.
Like World War 11.
Yeah, like World War 11.
Because I'm telling you, I do shit like that all the time.
I have wacky Tony makes fun of me all the time because he's like, you're like a cartoon character.
I have that kind of look where he's like, sometimes I just have those days, man.
I wake up, I wake up.
This happened like, remember when I was, so last Tuesday, right?
Last bottom of the door.
You walk in the green room, and I told you, I went to go smell the candle, and I didn't know those yellow candles, and it's a bomb.
And I wasn't thinking about it, and I went to smell the candle, and poured the wax on my clothes right before I got to go all state.
And I was wearing like light pants, so it looked like I just on my pants as the wax was drying.
And that's why I went home early that day, because I was like,
It was one of the days I woke up in the day started that way.
I woke up to my CPAP machine crashing on the floor because I rolled over and pulled it off my nice thing.
And I get up to go to go do with that and I fucking stub my toe.
And I'm like, it's gonna be one of these days.
It's gonna be one of these fucking days.
I'm gonna drop a glass in the kitchen.
You know, so you just said, let's call it day.
I said, let me, I call it.
Go home, go right to sleep.
Interesting.
Yeah, yeah.
She gave up on the day.
No, I still, I mean, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I still can never, I
The idea of good days and bad days based on just like this is what the world has planned for you today.
This is a bad day.
You know what it is?
I don't get the sunshine.
Like I, because I'm a night owl, which kind of sucks, but if either I need to stay up for the sunshine, because I got the blackout curtains.
But if I wake up late in the day, and I don't get no sunshine, I just feel dumber.
Yeah, definitely.
I do too.
Yeah.
When I, if I wake up late, even if I get a good amount of sleep, like more than five hours, but if I was up really late at night, and then I wake up late, I feel off.
Because your whole system's all scrambled.
The system is used to waking up in the morning, going to bed at night.
But if you stay up late, like your brain is working on like 40% capacity.
Sometimes I get, I'm a big gamer.
Sometimes I get it.
And I'm one of those people like, if I pay $60 for a game, and now it's like $80, but I'm gonna play the fuck at it.
Like the day it come out, I'm playing it all night.
So you playing online or you playing the game itself?
Both.
It depends on the game.
What is the game that you like?
Oh, I'll type a shit.
Like what's the big one?
Right now.
The game I'm playing the most is called Deadlock.
It's not, it's not open available to the public.
It is.
No, you're a developer.
I know.
You know, but you can get, you have to be invited.
It's a close, what would they call it?
Close beta or play test?
That's a hardcore you are.
You get,
invited to beta tests.
Oh, yeah, I got a bunch of nerdy friends.
Yeah, actually my little one of my little nerd groups is like, it's through one of the servers at the most should be all game.
We're on the same discord.
We get on the A we don't it because it's nice to have a group where it's like some new shit come out and we like
This is Deathlock.
Oh, yeah.
This looks cool.
This is cooler than the motherfuckers.
But it also will make you mad at shit.
So it's third person.
So we're kind of a third person.
Yeah, it's third person.
And do you get to pick who you are?
Oh, what is that?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right now, I think there's 34 characters.
So look, that's all different people.
I know what is there's a lot of information on the screen that just popped up.
Oh, yeah.
This is what are all those things.
This is crazy.
I'm gonna fuck this up and a bunch of people.
Okay.
So basically, okay.
So basically, so see that bottom, that bottom left number, the green number, 3,000, 3.
Yeah.
Okay.
So those are souls which are just money.
All right, money's or souls.
Yeah, this game just think of souls as dollars.
Okay.
So she's got $3,000 and basically, so wish the thing she just left is the is the is the lane she was in.
And basically how well you're playing a game, how many kills you get, how many minions you're getting, you get more money.
And the money lets you go buy those items.
That's what all those cards are.
I'm gonna need those people.
It tells you with everyone's bought.
Okay.
And since this bitch got the most money, she's bought the most stuff, which makes her stronger.
So this game's all about snow, is all about getting, getting the money to get stronger faster.
So you can win.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, so in the end.
You suck a zip line, a CL is zip line here.
Yeah, yeah, because if you see them, see on the right hand side.
That's the map.
So there's three different lanes you have to control, right?
And that big that big box is like the
Man, this is a lot to it.
It's just like legal legends, but on the ground.
Exactly.
Okay.
I'm glad you put it like that.
But that doesn't help Joe.
It also helped me.
He's like, thank you.
Yeah.
Okay, so, so, so, so, so see this.
See the yellow side.
See the yellow side on the left hand side of the man.
Okay, that first tower is where you start at.
And the point is to get stronger, get underneath that destroy it.
Then you work down to the second one.
That one is a little stronger.
It defends itself.
That's what she's in front of right now.
Right.
And then they're on teams.
Yeah, it's two teams trying to, and you're basically, you're trying to work yourself down to their base and kill them, hope, kill the one in their base.
Oh, wow.
So you gang, you joined up with the team of guys that are playing this online.
Yeah, it's six on six.
Oh, wow.
Um, but then they just, but here's the thing.
This is all very complicated and all this, but they just introduce bra mold.
which is or street brawl, which is basically, it knocks it down the four on four.
It makes it one lane and it gives you random items.
So you don't have to do any of the complicated shit.
You can just get in and get it.
So you get in, run around, grab something, and beat people up with it.
Yeah, so basically the bra mode is just a condensed version of the game where you're just fighting.
You're not, you're not to worry about managing anything.
Boy, that looks like you take up a lot of time.
Oh, buddy.
Yeah, because because here's the thing, this was crazy about shit like that is if you're, if somehow you end up in a game where everyone knows what they're doing and everyone's communicating, one of those games can be over in 25 minutes.
But if you're on a, that's probably not going to happen.
So they go anywhere from 25 minutes to an hour.
I've seen games going out.
Hmm.
Yeah.
So it's like, but most of, if a game is going that long, it's just because it's either because people are playing with you.
Because there's one of those things we're like, if you get behind to a certain point, you can't come back.
That's the whole point of the game.
Really?
Yeah, it's the whole point as a snowball.
I'm so much stronger than you that there's nothing you can do.
It gets to the point where I'm just abusing you.
Okay, it's because they've collected the most stuff.
Because they've had, they've had the most money for the longest.
And they can just keep buying better and better shit than you.
And there's nothing you can do about it.
But my point is, the point is for you to get to a certain point and just end the game.
But some people don't know when that is, you know?
The quick three sentence overview of what the game is is a futuristic urban fantasy New York.
Your God's part of an occult ritual trying to destroy each other.
So the back story is an event happened called the Maustrum that
It's all, yeah.
No, this is just the backstory.
It opened up a portal that magic into the world, and all of these people got all these abilities and powers and stuff like that.
And there's two opposing gods and some other dimension, and they want you to summon them so they can cross over into this realm.
And so the team you're on is whichever God you're working for.
right and if you when you win the game that's supposed to be you completing the ritual and if you help complete the ritual you get a wish and so when you when you go to each character it tells you that backstory and what they want what wish they want when they get there okay yeah and some people don't want nothing they just want to fuck people up and how long you plan this game
It's been probably, I don't know, year and a half.
So it seems super complicated.
And like it would dedicate a considerable amount of thinking.
It's very complex.
Because you don't, you don't even know what the fuck you're doing for like the first 200 hours.
Like, it takes about 200 hours before you, like, oh, I can't.
It's kind of what's going on.
This is the kind of things that people without kids say.
Oh, yeah, that's what I'm saying.
I can't.
I'm definitely, I'm definitely a 43-year-old child, but I don't live like an adult.
Yeah, no.
I live like almost like a fret, like a fret boy or something.
Well, if you can pull it off, those are when you ask people, because some of the happiest times of their life,
Well, they were young and free, but especially people that don't like what they do.
Right.
People get a job and they don't like it.
And then they have responsibilities and they can't leave their job.
Well, people to get a wife and don't like her.
That happens a lot.
That happens too much.
But that happens too much.
And a husband you don't like to both both.
That's probably worse.
Well, both of them are bad, but it happens a lot.
A lot of people.
You're gaming one of these brands.
That's insane.
That seems like how you should be playing a game like this.
Yeah, a dark room.
Let's talk.
Yeah, I mean, but the thing is that I don't think that chair is very comfortable.
How dare you?
That chair goes upside down.
You're laying down, brother.
Oh, versions of it.
You can make it.
You could cost a lot.
Oh, shit.
How much?
Six grand.
So wait a minute.
This is zero gravity.
Watch it.
Hit the different images.
Look at it.
It's like that, Brian.
Oh, that's crazy.
Well, what else does it do?
Does it massage?
It sucks your dick.
I mean, 10 gram outcomes out.
Just sucks your dick.
I'll take that.
Can you piss in that?
Well, it used to be 10 grads on say they have the one that's also like the bet.
Maybe it's in the bed version.
The what?
Well, this one.
This one does go backwards, right?
Show, show a version of it where it's completely reclined.
That's what I was trying to get.
You got this.
Don't you Jamie?
No, but I've heard this once.
Oh, it's a scorpion.
Let me show you something else on.
So that's pretty wicked.
And so you can adjust that and you can make the screen right in front of your face.
Yeah, but I'm about to skip four heart treatments and get that chair.
Oh, wow.
That was pretty cool, too.
Oh, no.
See that?
I actually prefer what we're looking at here.
Do you?
Well, you prefer that to the one that you live on because I don't use a control.
The only game that I use a controller with is man.
So you're a mouse and keyboard guy.
Yeah, almost exclusively.
That's why.
A little futon built on.
I never played.
I never figured out how to use those things.
Listen, if you don't
Who's choosing the full time?
If you got the money for a good gaming PC, you bet not having no full time.
Well, that's, he just went all in on the gaming PC.
Yeah.
I mean, no choice, no chance of pussy.
My shit's got kind of, it's gotten kind of crazy recently.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Did I, there ain't never show you?
Check this shit out.
What you got?
Um, hold on.
Make sure.
Are there any other ones that do it with a even vigorous screen like that?
That kind of a deal like what is the ultimate set up for like somebody like a Bill Gates on the start.
There's a news like that for the F1 rig we have.
Yeah, there's a new screen that's come out.
That's like a 100 and that takes you from I don't know.
So that's my shit right there.
Oh, you got a dual monitor set up.
Curved monitors, who, uh, the super ultra-wide.
That's a problem.
Yeah, it's a problem.
That's a problem, man.
I'm gonna send this to me.
Send it to me and also send it to Jamie.
Oh, do you have Jamie's number?
Yeah, I don't think I can send it to Jamie.
Send it to Jamie, because that image is crazy.
We need to show people that image.
That's a problem.
If I had that, that'd be a real problem.
Um, Jamie, don't I got your number, Goma?
I do my best writing when I get the most done on my laptop because I don't ever look at anything else on that laptop.
The only time I use the internet at all is to check things to find out if something's real.
And even that I don't use anymore because I use Proplexity for that now.
I just talk into the phone.
But if you have that much distraction, like two monitors like that,
I would never leave.
I would just be playing games all.
It's too fun.
It's too much.
Too much sometimes it is.
It is.
It's a very fucking problem, man.
Games are a problem.
They're so good.
You know what it is, man?
It's a dopamine drip.
Look at that.
Look at that setup.
Bro.
What's that thing on the right?
Um, that is for control in the sound.
So basically, like, uh, so say, I'm in the chat.
I'm in the discord chat.
And, uh,
And I got a YouTube video plan and I'm in the middle of a game right then I don't I can I can reach over and turn down the value of the game so I can hear somebody more clearly return up the music and without having to open up anything on my that's crazy you are an addict
Yeah, Jamie you don't have that dude.
I was gonna show you mine.
He's got I have got way more than that.
Oh, yeah, James.
I have a songboard played it or connected in the mind so I can fuck the people.
Can you?
Can you blur that top thing?
Yeah, I was got people's name.
Um, yeah, but like I can record sound like live sound when someone's chatting and I can record their voice and walk back like instantly.
Yeah.
This is me not streaming.
I'm gonna start streaming this summer.
So I'm gonna have to add a couple of themes.
So you're gonna start playing video games and streaming it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You can make a lot of money.
It's easy money too.
It's crazy because you're already gonna play games.
I know some people just like they don't go on the road because they make so much money doing this.
Wow, but the problem is how long is that in the last?
Go on the road is forever.
It's like, oh, yeah, but you can always do that.
Yeah, but you might not have an audience anymore.
Yeah, that audience.
Oh, that's true.
Yeah.
They'll be still stuck on that video.
You have a team pain on here?
No.
Yeah, he's one of the, like, he don't.
He's like, yo, you've got to, you got to offer me a lot of money because he still goes in the road, but he's like, you got to pay him because he makes something, he's like, why would I leave?
Why would I take less money to leave?
So he just streams.
He screams.
Yeah.
He's set up.
He's got as fucking crazy.
It's insane.
Yeah.
He's like, we have one F one set up.
I think he bought six.
He's got us his whole studios in one room.
He's got the racing room over here.
He's got, you know, the,
I think the pride for different rooms in different things.
So he'll gain or he'll have one guess or he'll just make a he'll just make a song live in front of you.
It's just like normal live set up.
He's got.
Oh my god.
He's got multiple screens around there.
Oh, that's crazy.
So he has a whole room dedicated.
Oh yeah.
Oh my god.
It's all wired together too.
Don't so when he's streaming, how is he making money?
Sponsors, I think he's definitely a twitch partner of some kind.
Okay, so you get sponsors, and like how much you think he's making?
Fuck, I couldn't, I don't even, I mean, if I had to speculate, I would say he's probably making pulling in, at least a quarter million a month or something like that.
Probably more than that.
Just playing video games.
Just streaming, he only had the play video games.
Sometimes he just talking.
That's crazy.
Well, there's a lot of that, right?
A lot of streamers.
You know that there's a lot of political streamers.
There's just talk.
There's different people that do different things.
There's in there's they call them IRL streamers.
There's new sent streamers.
Would they do since?
Yeah, they just walk around with people.
Yeah, fuck with people.
Yeah.
The computer I play on is right here.
Is that down here?
Whoa.
It's V-O.
We got sensors in the roof.
This is the workshop.
It was just a utility room, but I was like, why not put 3D printers in there?
3D printers.
You can see.
I'll take a lot of inspiration from trying.
That's amazing.
And he's very dope.
Yeah, but he's making money.
This is what I've got to complain.
You want to go shopping?
Listen, lady.
This is how we make the money for you to go shopping.
You're right.
You know, I mean, she can't complain if that's what you actually earn money at.
You know, my wife used to complain about the podcast for starting making money.
Really?
What she was like, you don't have to do that.
I was like, I do.
I have to do it.
I told people I'd be doing it on Monday at X amount of whatever time it was.
But that's just always.
How long until you were like,
If I can make a money.
Oh, it took years.
I didn't even try.
I never tried to make any money with it.
I always did it for free.
I did it for fun.
For how many years?
I didn't make money for years.
Oh, wow.
Zero money for years.
I never even thought of it making money.
It was just for fun.
I would just have everybody come over.
Like, the girl would come over.
Eddie Bravo would come over.
Joe would come over.
Duncan, we would just talk shit and just have laughs.
It was just for fun.
We enjoyed the shit out of it.
We had a vaporizer.
This giant bag.
Yeah, the volcano.
Oh my god, the thing was horrendous.
I remember when the things first came out.
They fucked a lot of people's world a lot of people fucked our world up.
There's a lot of podcasts in the early days that are unlicinable or watchable because we're just obliterated.
And I thought it could never get past that.
And now they got
You know, then people came up with the dabs bro jelly roll has this machine.
It looks like a robot.
It looks like a little like a little Pokemon robot.
Yeah, is it that because Frank is bad machine.
Frank is still is one of the he's like sponsored by those people.
That's all things are crazy.
It was called peak.
the peak people.
You know what?
I don't know if it's a peak.
It looks like it's a device.
It scared me just looking at.
Can you look up the peak probe?
It's big like this like this French press.
In every time I see Frank, they've come out with a new one.
They have one that they have one that's like a Sherlock Holmes pipe.
It's all electronic.
It's all for dabs.
But every time every time he visits me, he's like a bro check this shit out.
People like him are this reason why weed still isn't illegal.
Well, actually, I just raised some of the data.
Trump is making, um, it's scheduled three now.
Yeah.
Oh, he, oh, it's done.
It's done.
Yeah.
We need a scheduled three.
So schedule, first of all, it should be right without call.
If you're 21, leave me the fuck.
Hello.
What is it?
What schedule is that call?
Alcohol is not scheduled.
It's not a prohibitive substance.
I don't think alcohol is scheduled like that.
Alcohol for 21 and older is totally legal.
So schedule one, which is where weed was, which is so crazy.
It's like the most dangerous.
It has no medicinal benefit, harm, addiction.
Now, I won't argue addiction because I don't think I totally understand it the way other people understand it.
I think it's highly genetic.
I think addiction is very genetic because people keep telling me that cigarettes are addictive and that nicotine is addictive.
I recently got off of nicotine patches and I started taking ultra patches.
Do you know what these are?
Pouches, rather?
They're, it's like nitropics.
It's like vitamins.
Like brain vitamins.
Is it nicotine in there?
No, no, no nicotine.
And when I started doing it, I was like, okay, I wonder if I'm gonna, like, I've been doing if you want try one here.
That one's empty.
I just bought these over Amazon.
I was like, I've done it before when I went on vacation, like I didn't have them at all, and I didn't have any withdrawals.
But then I talked to McCann, and McCann said that when he got off of them, it was like two weeks where he was like fucking super tense and yelling people.
No, no, no, no.
Oh, nicotine.
Pouches or cigarettes.
He got off of all of it.
And then I hear, but my point is,
I think it's a biological thing.
I don't think I have the biology.
I get addicted to stuff.
I get addicted to doing things.
I used to be addicted to video games.
I would definitely get addicted again if I started playing.
I get addicted to pool.
I get addicted to martial arts.
I get addicted to doing stuff.
I get addicted to archery.
But I don't think I get a, I probably would if it was like oxies or something like that.
I get, I think that's just strong.
That would just get.
I think I'm too much of a control for you to get addicted to.
And he kind of hard.
Well, you quit cigarettes like that.
Yeah, but you know what?
You know what?
I was easy is because I had a heart attack.
But the heart attack did it for you.
It did.
And I already felt like shit.
So I didn't go.
I didn't the whiff draws with nothing.
I'm going to send you something, Jamie.
This is kind of crazy, but I sent this to Thompson Greta, so it's time to start smoking again.
Because this is a guy that's making this argument that there's a benefit to smoking as long as you do it with the proper diet, that there's some sort of an actual benefit to cigarettes smoking.
Because one of the things about these blue zones, or people like Liv forever, a lot of these people that are living that are really old, they smoke cigarettes.
That's what chipped me to fuck out.
Like, you know, every time they, every time they go, this is the oldest person alive, they 100 in nine.
Right.
And then they asked them to go, what's your secret?
And smoke, I drink, power water.
And so listen to this.
And smoking is good for them.
Top heart surgeons claim.
is breaking the internet.
Clip is exploding after cardio, thoracic, surgeon, doctor, Steven Gundry made a claim that's turning everything people thought they knew about smoking upside down.
His argument is smoking specifically nicotine can have real benefits when paired with the right lifestyle.
At one point he even says about a patient.
probably it's because he's smoked that he's doing so well.
Points to long-living populations where heavy smoking is common claims to the part of Sardinia 95% of men's smoke and live longer than the women says nicotine acts as a powerful mitochondrial up uncopler.
argues that the damage blamed on smoking can be offset by diet and suggests that we've been looking at it completely backwards.
According to him, the real question isn't why smoking harms people.
It's why some smokers live longer and what we're missing.
So this is a video in here.
Listen to him talk about it because it's- Yeah, we just play a little bit of it because it's kind of interesting.
Credit to Dr. Mike on YouTube.
been smoking for 45 years and they're living a healthy life and they say it's because I smoke and obviously we laugh about it because we all agree that it's not true.
So why did this one case move you so actually let me stop you right there probably it's because he smoked that he's doing so well.
Okay, we need to back up.
How do we get there?
Well, I have a whole chapter in gut check.
Looking at the healthiest, longest living people in one of the unique features of most of the blue zones is that particularly in the men are heavy smokers and the smoking actually the nicotine in cigarettes.
is one of the best mitochondrial and couplers that's ever been discovered.
And we've looked at this for the long long lens.
We said, wow, what other healthy lifestyle things are these guys doing that's preventing smoking from harming them?
In fact, we should have looked at it the other way.
What is it about these people who are smokers that
Well, I was in the live to 110 years old.
And when you do that, then you say, OK, smoking was good for them.
Why don't we see the oxidators stress that smoking we all know occurs?
Why don't we see the cancers in these people?
And it's because the rest of their diet facilitates the absorption of the oxidators stress in these guys.
So your state is that
if you smoke, but in this specific way, you can negate the effects of smoking, the negative effects of smoking.
Yeah, what's fascinating is a heart surgeon way back in the good old days, most of our patients were smokers.
And they had specific proximal lesions in their coronary arteries.
The rest of their blood vessels were absolutely gorgeous.
And they were skinny from the most part.
So, how did you gauge that, did you?
What do you mean, we operate on
But you operate on what other vessels that you saw, like you do peripheral arterial disease, screenings on those patients.
And you would find, are you still operate on?
Because one of the number one risk factors for peripheral arterial disease is smoking.
Correct, because the smoking, the oxidator stress, isn't stopped by our current diet.
Let me give you an example.
Okay.
Um, we're one of the few animals that don't make it vitamin C and vitamin C. And I've written about this.
So we get it.
I mean, he said people of Dr. Mike's YouTube channel for the rest of it, but
Dr. Mike wasn't having it.
Well, he didn't know.
I mean, this guy's the expert and this guy lays it and Dr. Mike's open-minded.
He's probably what he's saying.
He's making sense.
It makes sense to me.
It's for the poor diet.
That's why I was hoping that video would give me hope, but I'm like, bro, if I could change my diet, I wouldn't have had the heart attack.
You know what I'm gonna have.
I'm gonna get this perfect diet so I can smoke that.
I don't think it's a perfect diet.
I think he just got to move to Italy.
But whenever I go there on vacation, I'm like, why am I trying so hard?
What am I doing?
How come I'm not just rechilling?
Well, you know, that's the thing about Italy is they have a culture of Chile.
Yeah.
I figure what they call it, but is it Ciesta?
No, that's Mexicans.
They call it like that nap they take during the middle of the day.
Yeah, that's only, no, no, no.
This is Spanish thing, too.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, yeah.
But they, I didn't know they didn't.
Well, obviously it's Spanish word.
Oh, yeah.
I didn't know they didn't mix code, but yeah, it's a Mexican thing.
The Spanish are like, nah, middle of the afternoon, everybody napping.
Yeah, my friend went to the Ferrari factory in Italy.
And he said, dude, it's hilarious.
He goes, they barely work.
He goes, they like, the reason why it takes so long to get a Ferrari.
He goes, like, these motherfuckers are just chilling.
Because they take these big lawn.
Oh, it's Lamborghini.
Yeah, you said they take these big long brakes for lunch.
They passed down.
They drink wine and they lay down.
They take a couple hours for lunch and they work a few more hours and then they go home.
They gotta figure it out.
Well, I think we work too much, you know, and this is coming from someone who works too much, but I work too much at things I love.
It's a different thing.
I think then most people, most people are working too much as something that's just making a money and they probably stress that all the time.
Don't enjoy it.
But I think if you are working less and just having more enjoyment in life, what are we here for?
See, that's why I think subconsciously, that's why I've been avoiding streaming.
I've been talking about it for years because I'm like, if I start making money, reading, then it becomes a job.
Bro, I'm gonna be like that.
You don't have fat kid in the chair in Wally.
You have to see the movie?
Yeah.
I'm gonna transform into that.
It's over.
Yeah, if I just thought we could raise just billions of dollars just eating and laying there.
Everybody go on the duty of good boy and no exercise at all.
Oh, yeah.
Well, the more you stream, the more you make, right?
So this people that stream more than eight hours a day.
I mean, theoretically, but some people stream a lot, man, don't make shit.
Yeah, but that's also podcasting.
There's a lot of people that are doing podcasts that aren't making any money.
Yeah, so yeah, but you got a screen to make money.
You got to be on.
Yeah, but it's a very specific type of audience to though.
It's people that are watching streams.
Very different audience than who's watching podcasts.
I would imagine.
That's hard to say.
Yeah.
It's hard to say.
Because I think I don't know if those, there's probably a lot of overlap in those audiences.
So I don't, what we were talking about before with the smoking, I don't think smoking is good for your lungs.
I think it's bad for your lungs.
Because everybody know that quit smoking and say they're cardio gets better.
This stuff, this, that interview, or we shared came up two years ago.
Oh, did it?
And there was some controversy around it.
Well, clearly.
What does it mean?
Well, that doctor says this is where people live longer.
Okay, so here with us as key details regarding Dr. Gundry Statements, controversial claims.
In the conversation with Dr. Mike, Gundry suggested, smoking could be linked to longer life, observing that some long lived individuals in blue zone smoke.
Mechanism theory, Gundry argues that nicotine functions as a mitochondrial uncompler, and that a high polyphenol diet may mitigate the negative effects of cigarette smoke.
Criticism,
experts strongly disagree noting that smoke is a leading cause of premature death and that any potential benefits are far outweighed by risk.
Right, but they're not taking any consideration what he said about food.
Despite the headlines, gunley stated he does not smoke and does not encourage others to do so.
So he's just a scientist, relaying research.
Yeah, so what are the critics strongly disagreeing?
They're not making any sense because they're disagreeing but they're not addressing what he's saying in terms of the high polyphenol diet mitigating the negative effects of smoking.
Yeah, I mean, that's all he said was what he observed.
This is what I think in my years of trying and using nicotine.
I think there's something to nicotine.
The reason why I am backing off of it is it fucks up my pool game.
Really.
Yeah, nicotine gives you a lot of energy and I think like these like these alps, these are like six milligrams and then there's Lucy's, I have Lucy's that are 12, but you put them in your mouth like you're sucking on a battery.
It's like so strong.
It's ridiculous.
Um, they make a jittery and jittery is not good for pool.
Pooze a chill game.
Pool is like you're concentrating, but you want to be completely calm when you're stroking the ball.
Like your hand, you're barely holding on to that cue.
I hold on to the cue like I'm holding a baby bird.
You know, it's very calm.
You don't want to be like, you know, so caught a lot of people stop drinking coffee because they play pool.
Yeah.
Um, but nicotine in particular,
But which is interesting because I know a lot of people who smoke cigarettes will play really well.
Maybe it's a different feeling in terms of how to fix your body.
Then, oh, it's the answer good question.
How much nicotine is in a cigarette versus like one of these out pouches?
These out pouches is Tucker Carlson's company.
It's probably also has to do with your level of addiction.
Like some people love it.
Fully.
Yeah, some people smoke all the other cigarettes just to be back to zero.
John Melanchamp, he was in here.
That dude just, there was like one of the big things.
Like, can I smoke during the podcast?
Like, absolutely.
No worries.
I go, we've got a fan.
We smoke cigars all the time.
So he just changed smoke.
The entire podcast.
And he said, find what you love and let it kill you.
That's what he said about cigarette smoking.
Yeah, that's a, a child's, who's that?
Who's that quote?
I don't know.
Typical nicotine amounts.
Okay.
Standard factory made cigarette usually contains about 10 to 14 milligrams of nicotine.
And tobacco, which in average smoke or absorbs around 1 to 2 milligrams of smoke in it, nicotine pouches are sold in strengths that commonly range from 2 milligrams up to 12 or more of nicotine per pouch, CDC notes that they can contain high levels of nicotine.
pouches that with six milligrams, nicotine or less were most common, but higher strength, eight milligrams pouches have been growing quickly.
Yeah, because people are getting addicted, cigarettes deliver nicotine to the brain very fast within 10 to 20 seconds after inhalation, which makes them highly reinforcing and strongly addictive.
Pouches release nicotine through the lining of the mouth, so the rise and blood nicotine is slower and more prolonged compared with the cigarette hit.
though total absorb dose over 20 to 60 minutes can be similar depending upon strength or how long the pouch is used.
But the thing about pouches is people just keep popping them like Shane that do just pops them every 10 minutes.
He's popping 6 milligrams like every 10 minutes.
combustible cigarettes clearly more harmful overall, because smoke contains more than 7,000 chemicals, many toxic and carcinogenic, whereas pouches avoid combustion but still expose you to an addictive drug with cardiovascular effects.
Well that's why I'm convinced that people that do all the other forms of nicotine are way more addictive than smokers are.
Well I'll tell you one thing that I felt was the most addictive version of that I tried was vaping.
those like Escobar things, those those are weird.
Here's another weird thing about those vaping ones.
The only good hit is the first hit.
Maybe the second.
Have you seen how vapors act when they can't find that vape?
Oh, they freak out.
It is.
They get sketchy.
It's crazy.
They get crazy.
I saw, I was in DC last year.
I popped in on this comedy spot.
And I go to the bathroom and there's a vape sitting on the sink.
Like somebody put a vape there to wash their hands or something.
And I go out to the bar and I remember I bought the comics, the comics are at the bar waiting to go up and I bought a round for the comics.
And one of them was like, oh thanks man, got up, went to the bathroom, came back, sat next to his friend was like, oh bro, I found his vape in there.
And they both hit this vape.
So they went, he took a vape out the bathroom.
That's somebody else was just sucking on.
Some guy who could have been eaten ass, just 20 minutes ago.
Also, it was on the sink in the bathroom.
And the men's room at a comedy club.
That's crazy.
I found it.
Let's take hits off of it.
Yeah, it's crazy.
It would be tough if that was my vape.
And I said it on the counter.
I'm like, right?
Because I probably have a semi-setter day out of reflexes.
I'm like, I don't want that shit.
It's right here with all this filthy.
Maybe, or maybe they're like, I gotta leave this thing.
Oh, this, this mint, mint.
Pink water?
No, you can keep that.
You can keep doing this these guys are just sucking on at the bar But I guess if you dip in a whiskey to be right?
I don't know dip it in your glass before you tell your head Bro, you could just wait till you get to your vape because that's the first hit is the only one that's good the first hit is like you fork the first hit of like a Esc bar you like this like
Oh, yeah.
Everything's amazing.
But that you don't get that with a second hit.
It doesn't like maintain.
After a while, you're just taking hits and you just feel nervous.
This is terrible.
This doesn't feel good.
But it's the first hit.
The first hit's wonderful.
You know, many people I've had to curse out because they unplug my phone.
It's like a stupid fucking main.
They're like, yo, what?
Yo, you was at 30%.
Flutterfuck it's wrong with you.
I needed it all day.
Right.
Don't blow my shunkies.
They really are junkies.
Oh, they're junkies.
I see people hit them all the time.
And they hit them like a fiend.
And the worst thing is the people that they try to start vaping.
It's like to replace smoking.
Did it end up doing both?
Well, I think the vaping is more addicted than smoking.
Well, yeah, because you can, you know why?
It's because one, like you said, I think the
You're getting delivered more nicotine than a smoker will get.
Even though the smoking has other bad shit that you're putting in you, you know, but in terms of addiction is what I'm saying.
I'm not saying vaping is worse for you, but you're getting more nicotine and you can vape in places you can smoke.
And on top of that, you're getting all these weird oils and chemicals and stuff in there that aren't good for you.
But you can vape anytime, right?
You can vape, you can, but you know, people are getting these new diseases like popcorn lung.
Have you heard of that?
I heard of that, but I heard nobody got it.
I've heard like, you know, it's one of those like,
Er, Er, what do you call him?
Erbin, Mr. Erbin.
There's a kid that I knew back in California.
He was one of, one of the people in our neighborhoods, child.
And he was 19.
And he was in college.
And he was vaping like crazy.
He was vaping all day long.
And he got pneumonia, wound up dying.
And they connected it to the vape.
Like he had destroyed his lungs.
Yeah.
Kids are damaging their lungs.
Do you know, I think that started back when, you remember when some people have like the adjustable ones?
We're like, you, we're like, oh, the big ones.
Yeah, the crazy ones.
Because now the property ones are like the disposable ones.
Adam Curry has one of them.
Big jam.
Yeah, one of them big rigs.
I think people were going crazy back then.
Like in the beginning of it, when, when nobody knew a lot, the real vapors, man, they still go crazy.
But they're, they're doing it themselves.
They think it's healthier.
They're getting like their own like nicotine drops.
They're putting it in the thing and they're putting their own oil.
They're using like MCT oil because it's healthy.
This organic poison.
Yeah.
Whereas like, if you're getting it from a factory in China, or Vietnam, if you're seeing that one, there's one video of a dude who has to test every vape when it comes out of the factory with his mouth with his mouth with his mouth.
The ones you get have very been sucked on.
So this dude is just sucked in Vietnam just, I don't know where he is.
He might be in Laos.
He's just sucking, just wherever this vape factory is, this dude's just sucking on this vape over and over and over again.
Everybody's vape.
He sucks on wants to make sure it's good before he sends it out.
Where we're doing.
So this guy's got, what is his dose of caffeine in a day?
It must be off charged.
Yeah, so that's the other thing.
I think vapors are more addicted because they get more nicotine.
They just get to do it.
They just do it all the time.
Yes.
You could definitely do it.
But I'm telling you, it's like, you don't get the good feeling.
Like it's weird.
It's weird, like a cigar, like the relaxation, the good nicotine feeling of a cigar.
You get that like every time you take a hit out of a cigar.
That's not the case with a vape, at least not for me.
Look at this dude.
He's sucking on every one of these, checking them out.
Look, that's nuts.
They gotta make sure they're good.
Like how vape doubt is this cat?
That's probably how they, that's probably what he gets paid in just vape, just smoke.
I mean, how many fucking thousands of vapes is this kid sucking on it a day?
How many do you test in a day?
He says around 7 to 8,000 test per day.
Jesus Christ.
Does that do sleep at all?
He probably dreams in like horrible black and white like lightning bolts.
And he also smokes after work.
Oh my God.
So much, see how long that guy lives.
Bro, that boy's on to you.
Yeah, he's on the blue zone.
That's it.
Oh, bro.
Yeah.
It's older.
It's developed according to this.
It came around 2,000 when people had a actual popcorn factory.
Whoa.
We're exposed to a chemical that was causing what called broncholitis obliterate.
Well, look at this.
It's first recognized from clusters of workers at a microwave popcorn factory exposed to the butter flavoring chemical, diacetyl.
Wow.
I thought it made your lungs look like popcorn.
This is saying there's like, it's very, it's super rare for outside of that, actually, though.
Uh, cancer research is UK states that there have been no confirmed cases of popcorn lungs, specifically caused by e-cigarettes, although some older e-liquids contain diacetyl before regulations tightened.
Do you think that's like big tobacco trying to scare people away from vapes?
No, no, no.
I think they invest them in that shit.
Yeah, but if they don't, like, whatever it's like, some companies maybe don't, and they're worried that these cheap vapes.
What does only, there's only three companies.
to Big Tobacco is really Big Tobacco.
So it's our GM Reynolds, with the other ones for the Morris, or is it for the Morris?
And then there's a overseas one.
Maybe there's four comp, who's making the American spirits?
It's the same people.
Is it the same people?
There's only three or four big tobacco companies.
This lady, Suzanne Humphrey, she's a doctor.
She was making the argument that those cigarettes are probably not even that bad for you.
And they see the writing on the wall.
Like, they own all the patch companies.
Oh, they mentioned to us.
Yeah, of course.
Why wouldn't they?
Because the writings on the wall, they were talking about it in Canada.
And now, I think they're trying to do it in the UK.
We're basically like, people of a certain age will never be able to buy cigarettes.
They, yeah, I think they're doing that in Canada right now.
Or they're definitely doing that in the UK.
That's right.
No, Americans' periods of cigarettes are not safe for the other cigarettes.
Despite marketing the highlights natural and addictive free tobacco, studies show they contain similar levels of toxic, cancer-causing chemicals, as other brands.
Research suggests they may even be more addictive due to higher nicotine levels.
No reduced harm, no evidence of the absence of additives, make cigarettes, smoke, less harmful.
On high nicotine addiction studies have found that many varieties have higher nicotine yields compared to other popular brands, suggesting higher addictiveness, misleading marketing, FDA previously required the manufacturers to stop using natural and additive free in marketing as these terms falsely implied lower risk.
Why is that implied lower risk, if you say additive free?
Consumer misconception, 64% of American spirit smokers incorrectly believe they're less harmful, often because they're natural branding.
This lady, this doctor was making that argument.
She was saying the chemicals that they add to cigarettes that make them more addictive.
Remember that Russell Crow movie, the insider?
Do you remember that movie?
good movie so but got about a guy who is a true story about a guy who's a doctor who works at a tobacco company that makes cigarettes and he's specifically formulating these chemicals in order to make people way more addicted and then he has to go to court and they try to kill him so you know big kind of whistleblower type drama
But that was the premise of that film, which is also based on real life.
And what she's saying is that those chemicals that make you more addictive are probably much more dangerous.
And that just the actual tobacco itself is probably not as dangerous.
She wasn't definitively stating this.
She was just saying that most likely they're probably safer for you.
Well, the American spirit ones also use smoke less because they take forever to smoke.
So every time I'm I've a smoking around an American spirit smoke, you know, you'll see them three quarters of a cigarette left in the ash tree.
Do you think that those like marbros and shit like that?
Like they they smoke quicker on purpose.
They smoke more of them.
I think they're they're probably I think they out of something they add to them make them make them because they because that's the American spirit you sit it down.
It'll it'll go out right, but if you if I if I was the light of Marboro and sit it down there it would burn all the way up right.
I think they do that so you waste cigarettes.
That makes sense.
Oh, yeah, for sure.
Yeah, because they probably calculate over time how much money that would be
Yeah, in fact, I read somewhere like that is why there are 20 packs in the cigarette and 20 cigarettes in the pack is because they discovered that that's exactly how many you need it to smoke as much as possible in one day.
Like in terms of how long it's in your system when you start getting another craving, you can smoke.
Well, that's crazy because some people smoke two packs a day.
What?
Yeah, those people are like, oh, animals.
How are they alive?
I don't know, but I was getting close.
What were you at?
I was at a little over, like I was at a little over a pack of day when I was smoke, I got to a whole pack and then tip into nothing.
Yeah, tip into the next.
Yeah.
Hmm.
It makes sense that they would buy patches.
Why wouldn't they?
And why wouldn't they buy up the companies that have alternatives?
Because go on, make a ret.
Oh, you know.
Years ago, the VA tried to get me to quit and they they prescribed me the patches.
Yeah.
But like that's like that said, it's like there's there's 12 to 14 milligrams in a cigarette, but you only end up getting one or two.
Right.
But the patch is five to lowest the lowest step of the patch is five.
And do you feel it?
Yeah.
You have crazy fucking dreams too.
Well, you put one of them patches on before you go to bed.
You won't you won't have a fucking crazy dream.
And now you're more addicted.
Because you now used to get in five.
Now you get in five all night.
You wake up like, oh shit, you're not getting in.
You're not used to getting nicotine all night.
Ron White used to wear a patch and smoke all day.
Yeah, that was what I was about to tell you, is like everybody I knew got on the patches was patching and smoking.
Yeah, Ron was patching and smoking and then one hypnotism session quit everything.
Cold turkey, really.
Yep.
That's weird because you don't seem very suggestible.
I know.
Right?
Yeah.
I mean, I don't think I've ever seen him change his mind about nothing.
But none of the, every, all of the arguments that he's had with Tony in the green reel.
Oh, the, the, I mean, for that shit.
Oh, the, for those moments.
There's a hilarious, Ron Diggs' heel's in.
Soon as I hit Ron go, went.
Well, yeah.
All right.
Well, that's not my experience.
Yeah.
He was wearing the patch and he was smoking those little cigars.
You know, those little cigars?
Mm.
He was smoking them like cigarettes.
Here's the most is not inhale those little suckers like those little suckers have way more nicotine.
You know, there's little tiny money crystals, those little things.
You're supposed to smoke those like a cigar.
Like when I smoke them, I try to smoke them like a cigar.
You can tell you hold it in your mouth.
It's a tiny cigar.
You can tell that these ticks, these gentlemen, man.
Yeah.
Not to smoke nothing.
Well Ron has got amazing willpower because he got off the alcohol and just done.
Never touched it again.
Got off the cigarettes, done.
Never touched me again.
Yeah, I love that guy.
He's the best.
These are the best, but it's like that ability to just turn something off like that.
The amount of money.
How much money?
Let's look at that.
How much money is in the nicotine business overall in America?
It's probably way more now with pouches and vapes on top of cigarettes.
I think it's less now.
But the cigarette's probably been less.
But now so many people are on the pouches and so many people are vaping.
Well, I think there's less money overall.
But that's why there's less companies because they keep getting bought right because people are smoking like kid the kids a smoke way less they cigarettes way less cigarettes and they they don't vapor as much as we think but I think they're a lot of them are on the zins a lot of them are on pouches
Let's guess.
What do you think the overall industry of cigarettes or nicotine, nicotine products in America, the collective amount of money that nicotine products in America generate every year?
Let me say 10 billion.
Yeah, that sounds about right.
That's what it's less than 10 billion.
For the whole country, I'll say six.
Let's say six billion because there's 350 million people plus Mexicans.
That's just for the, uh, oral nicotine.
There's how much?
Six.
Wow.
Cigarettes is way higher.
What is cigarettes?
76.
7 billion?
Oh, shit.
That's more than sports.
That's crazy.
And traditional tobacco, which putting cigars.
cigars in, uh, like, um, the speaker, which business stuff.
Okay, but what, what was it 20 years ago?
was a higher one years ago from what I looked by does it has a ground.
It's growing slowly every year.
It's a total of 100 billion when you include everything together.
That's growing.
Well, I mean, but it isn't really crazy because it's one of the, it's one of the legal and socially acceptable drugs to be on.
All that.
Yeah, you can smoke it because you can't even drink it.
Work.
Especially if you use pouches now.
Everybody's using pouches.
They're predicting the pouches are going to go from around four to six billion now and by 2030.
So it's only five to six years from now could get up to 50 billion.
Well, here's the thing.
They have new tropic benefits.
Well, they do enhance your cognitive performance.
The nicotine does.
And there's a lot of people that's where by them, like for creativity and stuff like one of the things that Stephen King talked about in that book on writing was that one of his biggest bumps in the row with his writing careers when he quit smoking, is that a really hard time getting his synapses to fire the same way.
It was really noticeable.
The difference in quitting nicotine.
But then again, his best shitty wrote when he was on Coke.
He was doing Coke and drinking beer.
Yeah, and he wrote his best craziest shit when he was doing that.
No, but I'm, I'm gonna be honest about that though, like, I do feel less creative or less, not create, not less creative, but less.
I don't know.
It does feel like it feels like my brain is working different.
What about cigars?
You ever thought about cigars?
Or you just think it's too much of a gateway.
Yeah, I would be right back on it.
I mean, right back on it.
Maybe we can, can we get some, can we make a team drop to Jamie?
You can just shoot it into your fucking eyeballs.
You fuck with the pouches at all?
Or do you worry that the pouches are bringing closer to the cigarette?
No, but I've never fuck with the pouches.
I don't know.
You want try one?
No, I'm not trying one.
Oh, this doesn't have nicotine in it.
That's no nicotine.
That's an ultra pouch.
Don't do it.
Maybe the gum, maybe I'll try the gum.
Yeah, I've tried the gum.
How is that?
I like pouches better.
Um, it's interesting that like, they would probably, I want to how much money is spent, how, okay, what is the patch?
What's the patch worth?
How much does that generate?
You know, it was wow.
They were trying to give me nicotine in the hospital.
For what?
Because they knew I was a smoker and they were like, you don't want any?
I was like, no.
How are they trying to give it to you?
I don't know if it was a pouch or gum.
But they've met.
But it had been prescribed to me and it was just sitting there.
And you know, every time a shift chain somebody would run me, hey, so you know you guys don't, you know you guys are just the rails like, oh, I'm okay.
I suddenly sent me some nicotine mince, and they made me nervous.
Like I didn't like them.
They made me feel uncomfortable.
Okay, nicotine patches are a tiny slice.
The nicotine economy, the US, they amount to most of a few hundred million dollars per year.
Versus tens of billions for cigarettes and other nicotine products.
Yeah, but you know what?
The reason they still invest in them is because every time you try to quit and you use the pouches when you come back, you're more addicted.
Right.
That's right.
So it's just a cycle.
Yeah.
It's insurance.
You'll get back on the cigarettes.
Yeah, because they're, I bet you they're not, they probably don't track how many people.
What's off on it, Janet?
It's a teen replacement therapy therapy.
The global nicotine replacement therapy market patches gum, lasenges, et cetera is around 3.1 billion.
Therapy.
Just reading that in this room.
I know.
It's like a silly career conspiracy or something like a.
Pretty good to reach 4.7 billion US dollars by 2034.
But it makes sense that they would invest in that.
Like, it's not, you know, why wouldn't they?
It's like if they're smart business people, you know?
Yeah.
Did you hear about that special forces soldier that got in trouble because he bet on polymarket that Maduro was going to be kidnapped?
Or they found out who it was?
Yeah, they caught the dude.
Yeah, he made four, I believe he made $400,000.
And he tried to cover his tracks.
Well, I thought it was like Trump's on us on people thought it was that.
It was John Jr. Well, who knows what they've done.
I mean, they're probably not looking at them the same way they're looking at these special forces.
Boy Trump don't leave no crumbs on the table.
Like I did all this.
I'm on the way out.
I still need this bread.
Yeah, I mean, think about that.
The coin, the Trump coin.
I mean, that's crazy.
That's crazy.
If it's legal, but it's crazy.
Melania coin.
Like if you if you if you buy him any celebrities coins, you deserve delusional money.
Hmm.
But I think it, what Metzger explained to me, he goes, these are gambling addicts.
They're gambling.
He goes, they know that it's gonna crash.
No one's under any illusion that it's gonna last forever.
They try to get in and get out and make money while they're doing it.
It's like they just figure out when to buy, when to sell.
But there are people that think that those are the suckers, those are who you're getting money from.
It's the ones that think it.
You could look at it that way.
Or you could look at it is this is an effective way to pay people off.
legally.
So here's the thing.
I'm not accusing anybody doing this, but I'm saying let's say if I started to JRE coin.
And maybe some Middle Eastern government decided they're going to invest $500 million in a JRE coin.
And then I announced the JRE coin.
They put in the money to back this JRE coin.
I get a substantial stake in the JRE coin.
So I get a bunch of JRE coins.
And then I just dump all my JRE coins.
And then it go, I get all that money.
And then it goes for being worth X amount of dollars to being worth almost nothing.
Is that the pump and dump?
That's the pump.
Yeah, so that'd be a way I pay you.
So like say maybe if you and I had some sort of a deal that was a little shady and I said Brian, how about this?
I can't pay you outright but what I can do is why don't you start a crypto coin and I will invest in your crypto coin which is a very legal venture.
And I will put in a hundred million dollars into your crypto coin.
And so now your crypto coin, a bunch of people will also throw money in because there's a hundred million dollars in it.
And they know that it's gonna pump it up.
It's gonna happen.
Like the real clever fuckers.
And then you just get out.
So you get out.
As soon as it hits the peak, like you get it set up so that like, maybe peaks in 24 hours or whatever the fuck it is.
Like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like
Let's look at Trump coin.
How much was Trump coin worth like right after it came out versus five days later?
So somewhere that money has to go somewhere.
And so if I invested in Brian Simpson coin and then that money, it got to the coin, it was worth, I don't know what a coin's worth.
I don't know what it's worth.
But let's just say it got to its peak and then you sell and you just dump all your coins.
And so you just rake in a big pile of money, millions of millions of dollars.
And then everybody else is like, the people that like were dummies, they don't get anything.
And then me, I didn't expect to get any money.
I'm just trying to bribe you.
I'm trying to pay you off.
What do you think is a, a me?
That makes sense.
Oh yeah.
The thing is America is like three quarters scams.
There's something we'll sit around complaining about the scams instead of getting in on them.
Do you hear what Dr. Os said?
Well, Dr. Os works for the government now.
They California has a big hostile scam going on.
You know how like manyapolis and Minnesota had the daycare scam.
California has a bunch of fake hostels where they're taking care of people.
That's what it is, right?
So they shut funding down to 400 of them, not one of them complained.
It is like, well, see ya.
And so it's his assertion that that's because they were all scams.
So that Nick Shirley guy, the same guy that investigated the fraud in Minneapolis, he's investigated some of the fraud in California.
And one of the things that they found in some of his videos is like a lot of these businesses are registered to like a hotel.
And like every room in this vacant hotel is a different office.
for whatever company.
And so each room in the hotel is raking in money as an office that's supposed to be working as a hostel or as some sort of, you know, a rehab center or, you know, fill in the blank.
They have all these learning centers, all these different kinds of things.
And it's all just government scams, Medicaid scams.
You're doing the scam.
Get in on the scam.
Scamming is the American way.
Look at how you asked isn't the best way to look at this.
Here's what it said.
Of course not.
Show you what it says after this.
Okay.
Trump's official Trump meme coin launched at around one US dollar range reported roughly 0.18 to 0.1.20.
And within about five days it crashed down from a brief spike near 70 to 75 US dollars down to a high of 30s per coin.
So that's within five days.
So it's spiked at 75 that dropped down to 30 different data provides slightly different start points.
But they are in the same general zone.
Crypto analytics notes Trump was launched on January 17, 2025.
Initially worth 18 cents per token.
So everybody buys in when that happens.
Other coverage and exchange post-described trading beginning around $1 or about $1 within the first hours after launch.
So reasonable takeaway is launch price is 0.2 to 1.0 U.S. dollars per Trump, depending on which exact tick you chose.
So within first hours after launch, the price skyrocketed from around $1 to around $75 U.S. dollars.
So that's when you want to get out within the first hours.
Reports the same weekend cite highs in the year 70 to $75 U.S. dollars in a market cap over 10 to 12 billion.
a finance report on days after launch, trading started around $7 US dollars on Friday, jump to size 74 on Sunday.
So that's what he's supposed to get out.
So let me ask this.
What is it worth now?
Interesting.
So it got as high as $74.
When they got hold on to it.
It's not your fault.
There's some case.
There's a little bit more.
It's like more into it because it's not that the easiest coin to get and how do you get it and all those kinds of things to come into play and that's kind of what I think this sentence is more about.
Right, but if it went to 75, somebody must have made a ton of loot, right?
Yeah, that's what it says.
But 800,000 wallets, which could be people, collectively lost around $2 billion while the Trump organization and partners profited heavily from fees.
interesting.
So that this is the thing.
Like that's just that one.
What is the worst pump and dump in crypto coin history?
Let's look at that.
It's one out.
Sam Bank from free.
I think it was.
Well, I think what he was doing, he said that if he was left alone, he would have recovered the debt.
And that he had been doing this back and forth.
They just caught him in a moment where this one guy sold all his coins off to try to crash him on purpose like his rival.
And then he didn't have the money to cover the spread.
And then people wanted their money out.
And then they realized.
But he had been, they all do that apparently.
It was what his or I don't know.
But that's what his argument was.
I believe is that I think he said that if he was not, that they didn't interfere with him,
Not only would those coins have gotten the money back, but they would be profitable today.
I see, I have friends that have profited from it.
But when I hear them talk about it, it's like, I just don't quite understand it fully.
I feel exactly.
And I can't put my money in some shit that I can't articulate how to make money.
I can't do it.
Yeah, not only do I not understand it, I don't trust it.
Yeah.
It sounds crazy to me.
People that try to talk you into it, they freak me out.
Well, a lot of times they just, no, there's a new scam, somebody in my family are getting caught up with these fucking scammers.
But they're finding elderly, it's like going through the elderly community, a new Ponzi period, me, it's Ponzi scheme.
And basically, they're telling these old folks that they are joining a crypto exchange.
But the crypto isn't real.
So they download, they download, they download this app.
And they tell them, all you gotta do is get up every morning and make these trades.
And you make, you make, you know, this much percent of your money back.
And so, and they go, and you know what, and just so you know it's not a scam, I'm gonna put in a grant for you.
I'm gonna put in two, I put, I fucking, I put in five grants for you.
But you don't realize that money's fake, too.
You download the app.
They can show you how much money you want.
But you can't get that money out.
So here's how they get you.
So they get you either way.
So if, if you do, so,
the ultimate plan is to lull you into going like they want you to look they want you to log on every day and see that number going up and going oh shit I'm gonna put my money in there so I can make even more money right that's the ultimate plan but if you even if you got suspicious and you like I want to take my money out what they go okay we'll just send us an early with draw fee
So they only end up getting a little bit of money out of you, but they still get real money out of you for no money.
And even if you end up getting Social Species that you won't even do that, well, they got you to download this app on your phone.
And so they got your information.
Most people use the same log of credentials across apps.
You didn't gave them that as well.
Right.
You know, oh, you got your email address.
They can sell that and they have you have your security questions so they know your first dogs name.
So it's like at the very least they get in the way with your info.
Right.
Or some of your real money.
You know, and a lot of folks they hear crypto and they don't really understand it.
So it's easy to convince them that, oh, it's just something I don't understand, but that makes it easy for me.
Isn't it crazy that the polymarket thing for this special forces soldier that he's going to jail for this?
But Congress is allowed to inside or trade.
Oh, bro.
And that's kind of crazy because you can't be sure that the mission to try to overthrow Maduro is going to be successful, right?
So if they're trying to overthrow Maduro, that's a military operation.
They're not always successful.
So if he's gambling on a military operation, then he's about to embark in.
He's kind of betting on his own life.
Well, I think what they're getting him for is more that he endangered the mission.
Really?
Because I was saying because yeah, because if we're supposed to keep our military movements a secret and it gets out there that someone keeps on predicting when we're going to make certain movements, then our enemies will be watching poly-market for when people bet on.
Is that really the case, Jimmy?
What is the intro for?
I mean, I was just I'm reading through the justice.gov thing.
What Brian was saying started to make sense off of here, but at the bottom it says the actual charges and the charges are three counts of violating the commodity exchange act, each which carries a maximum of 10 years in the amount of wire fraud, which is a 20-year max, one kind of unlawful monetary transaction, which is a 10-year max, and what's the other one?
Well, that's my two, but it says there's three.
That's crazy because like How come no one in Congress ever gets in trouble?
They do sometimes when they don't vote correctly not like every year somebody goes down inside their trading.
They get busted for other shit.
Yeah, you write for like taking grabs.
Yeah, has anybody ever been busted Congress wise for insider trading on stocks?
I don't think so.
If I guess, there was another controversy recently, they're accusing Federmint of doing it.
But the type of shit the average person goes to jail, oh my god.
What?
You untie about something that'll piss you off about somebody going to jail?
Yeah.
This guy and Florida, what was his name?
Yeah, few people have for sure.
Really?
Congresswoman.
Yeah, you've been re-instituting?
Yeah, even recently.
That's crazy.
This is wrapped in from New York, Chris Collins, pled guilty in 2019 to insider trading and lying.
I'm not drug trial.
26 months in prison and a team mobile stock purchase.
Definitely no senators.
Well, these are people that know what it knows.
Look at these people.
This ain't Nancy Pelosi.
20 scandal.
So occasionally.
Oh, COVID.
No powerful people are going to prison for that shit.
Yeah, I'm all the stewards the most drunk the most powerful person that ever would have.
Yeah, but she didn't even go to jail for that.
She went to jail for lying.
78 members have been arrested.
One different caught not a rest of but all violated the stock act.
interesting, which requires reporting financial trades within 45 days.
Maybe that's just because they try to hide it and everybody else is just like, I'll, I just made it good.
They're saying just in this Congress, right?
Just in real three candidates were fine by calorie for for allegedly, uh, whatever.
Political insider trading by betting on their own races.
How, but wait a minute.
You can't bet on your own race.
That seems crazy.
If you think you're going to win, you don't know if you're going to win.
No one knows.
But you're probably the first one to know which way it's going to go.
I don't know about that.
I don't think those poles are ever correct.
That's not true.
It must be somewhat correct.
There was suspended from calcium.
So I don't think I'm going to check this shit out.
This is going to get in the ice game.
So just do Michael Martin in Florida.
He made an addition to his house, a million dollar addition to his house.
He got to prove by the city and everything.
And after he put it up, his neighbors complained.
They went and dug up some like hundred year old statue.
and complain, right?
So they take them to court.
And his argument is, well, it got approved by the city.
Like, that's why I built it.
So fuck them.
But he, but he compromised already.
He compromised and he, he put up a thing to block his view.
So it wouldn't bother them.
And that wasn't good enough for them.
So then the judge ended up ordering him to tear it all down.
Oh my god.
And he refused.
And now he's still in jail where he's still in jail right now.
Oh my god.
For contempt, the court.
Is this a homeowners association thing?
No, it's just his neighbor.
No, because he, he, everything was approved.
They got approved by the HOA, got approved by the city and everything.
He spent all his money.
He spent all his money built it up and then, and then his neighbor had a problem with it.
Oh, his neighbor's a piece of shit.
And now the judge wants to deter it down.
Imagine your neighbor wanting you to take down an addition to your house.
Why do you give up?
If I'm going to, if I'm going to jail over there, I'm going to wipe your ass.
I'm at least being there for something.
That's so crazy that people can take someone to court for doing something to their house.
Like, what does it matter to you?
Is it affecting your view?
Like, what is it?
Yeah, I think it's one of those things where it's like, technically, I think the argument you can make is that.
I bought this house because the forest was right there and he's chopping down the forest.
Is that what he's doing now?
No, it's not what he's doing, but I was like, I don't know what the statute is that they found.
His name was Michael Martin, but they found some old as technicality, right?
The city didn't even know about because they approved it.
you would hate that statement forever if that guy made you take down your addition you spent 200 grams building up because that's my thing is like how was the judge how can you tell a man fuck your million dollars right right that's what's crazy and you got approved by the city and he can't appeal that I don't know if he's in jail while it's being appealed and that's what his lawyers like he's
No, because he has a thing.
He can get out of jail anytime he wants.
Always do his tear down the addition.
Yes, it's tear down the addition.
Yeah, but if he's appealing, why would he tear down the addition?
And then if what he wins the appeal, he builds it back up again.
And then the guy appeals the appeal.
It's also sitting at demos going to cost 800 grand.
Oh, my God.
This fucking current neighbor.
Yeah, you talk a lot of being.
What is this specifics though?
Am I wrong?
I mean, maybe the neighbor's right.
I'm going to see how it went down.
Yeah, because what did the, what, why could the neighbor have any, but how could that make sense?
Yes, it's starting off said the lawyer for a Tampa, Tampa couple who asked a judge to find their neighbor and contempt of court over a disputed guest house says there's more to the story than it first brought you about.
Of course.
There's always more to the story.
What is it?
What is it growing?
My old neighborhood, there was this guy built a house and it was just kind of flat.
It was kind of boring.
It was just like not creative.
The guy was a builder.
He wasn't much of an architect and I don't think he hired an architect.
He just had his own idea to how to build a house.
But he got permits and he did it.
But I remember my neighbor complaining.
And he's like, you believe this guy built his fucking house?
And like, what does a big deal?
And he's like, you don't think that's an icer?
I go well, it's boring.
It's boring house.
Like, what do you care?
I just didn't understand it, but he wanted to like start complaining and get a bunch of people to file a complaint about this guy's house.
Local news.
The location will allow the occupant of the guesthouse to peer into the backyard and pool area of the Babitz home.
Oh.
Martin subsequently removed any windows facing the Babitz property and installed bamboo along the property line to obstruct the view of the guesthouse.
Yeah, they were mad.
You could see into their house.
To their yard where their pool is.
Yeah, that's how it started.
That says that was the initial complaint.
But there's 500 violence that they've had over five years.
Oh, God.
1924, original subdivision said it was public space or supposed to be public space or something like that.
Yeah, 1924.
They wouldn't found a 1924.
They're saying that the company he hired that got the approval to date did that illegally and that's their claim I guess and it all could have to do with the evidence
So Martin signed a contract with a demolition company needs to pay 392,370,250 cents to dynamite demolition.
What a great name.
I want to get a t-shirt.
Dynamite demolition.
To begin tearing down the structures, Judge Nash rejected them until last week, finding Martin in contempt and ordering a writ of bodily attachment, which orders all law enforcement to take Martin into custody and take him to jail.
No one is above the law.
But Clarence said, so we just want the courts ruling to be complied with, and that's it.
Boy.
But somebody being able to see into your pool is wow for you to really go through this much trouble.
She said, oh, say, so this general contractor, Julie McGill's one of the several outside contractors and developers, I asked to evaluate the case.
She said she can't remember a time when a judge told the city that it didn't follow its own code on neighborhood conformity.
Wow.
But see, Mr. Martin, Mr. Martin, you fucking up the game.
You know what you got to do, man?
You know what you got to do, Mr. Martin?
Just comply, okay?
Because you're not gonna win like this.
Do what they say, pay the money, tear it down.
I'm guessing you got the money.
If you bid a million dollar guess house with a pickleball court and a pool for just for your guess, you got the bread.
Pay that bread and then you take the money you save from not being caught up in all of these lawsuits.
Okay, and you spend it on revenge.
You hired the most co-blooded fucking creative people you can think of.
And you make this person's life miserable.
And all the legal ways possible.
And all the ways where he knows it's you and he can't do shit about it.
You hire a bunch of college students, you get them a prize for whoever finds any statute that can fuck this man's life up.
That's what you do.
Don't sit in jail.
You cannot take any revenge that cost you something.
It's got to be pure delight.
You know, it's got to be serve coal.
That's why that's saying it's the best serve coal.
It's like you have to take care with the dish.
You can't just react.
It would be weird though.
If you always had a backyard where your pool didn't face anybody, and then also a dude put a house right behind your pool.
Put up a zebra motherfucker.
No, it's not exactly what it was.
It says there was already.
They put together some lots to make one bigger lot, and there was already some
something on that.
And so when he bought it, they're like, we'll see a problem with fixing that, changing how it looked, and that, that might be weird.
But here's also the thing, though, Joe, he offered to block, like, put up with wall and block the, for me to have no windows.
Yeah.
So it's up bamboo.
And I feel like if it is a good neighbor, that's reasonable.
Yeah.
That's a reasonable compromise.
Go, oh, you know, I didn't even think about the vaccines at your house.
We'll just knock the windows out.
That feel like, instead of being like, no, I want you to waste a million dollars.
Right.
Fuck.
To me, that's when you became the bad guy.
When he offered to a reasonable compromise and you said, fuck no, then fuck you.
Fuck you.
Yeah, fuck you.
I'm telling you right now.
Hey, they lucky is not me with a million.
Because I'm Batman now.
I'm Batman and you the Joker.
And I'm just putting my whole, I'm gonna, I'm gonna live my life as no, those, that's true.
Yeah, I'm going to tear it down.
I'm going to sell the house.
I'm going to use all the money from all from selling this house.
I mean, it's all that money to make your life hard.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I'm going to pay people with a break in your house.
And that's it.
And throw it.
Don't do that.
That's illegal.
You don't do illegal.
Let a crackhead do it.
But that's illegal, too.
Okay.
You know what?
Right, you out, too.
Then you'll be in jail.
Cut your internet line.
Wait till you call it a repair shot.
I'll tell you, too.
I've been throw dead mice in the back of the events.
You can't have it be illegal.
He's got to be illegal.
He can't be illegal.
It must be illegal.
But I just can't think of anything legal right now.
Well, you could sue people for all kinds of stupid shit and just make them go through legal problems.
Don't sue.
Yeah, just have people outside with a tape measure.
They, if they, if they, uh, send a meter from the curb.
Oh, fuck off the cops.
Straight neighborhoods.
The neighborhoods are real, man.
People kill each other over neighborhoods.
Oh, yeah.
The hat feels in the McCoy's ancient.
Yeah.
Um, I think that was over some other shit.
It's nothing worse.
There's nothing worse than living besides somebody that liked this.
No.
It's completely unreasonable, completely unable to compromise.
Nice neighbors are beautiful.
Oh, man.
You have good neighbors.
It's great.
I have nice neighbors.
It's nice.
And I have nice neighbors in California too, because because he has a thing, it doesn't take much to be a good neighbor.
You have to be thoughtful.
And in the times that you're not thoughtful,
When it's brought to your attention, you have to have the appropriate amount of shame.
Well, here goes, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
Is this from Malcolm Gladwell's book?
I forget who's book it's on.
But there was a book where they explained that what it had, I believe it's Malcolm Gladwell, was it explaining that the reason why the people in Appalachia are so violent is because they come from hurting populations in Europe.
And so herders in Europe are very different than farmers.
Because if herders, someone can come along and steal all your sheep and you're fucked.
You can't really steal all someone's corn.
It should take forever.
You got to chop it down, you know what I mean?
So these people were used to defending their animals with violence because people would come in and try to steal them.
Yes, Malcolm Gladwood, yeah, outliers.
That's the book.
Chapter 6, Hatfield McCoyed Few disanalyzed a prime example of a culture of honor, where similar to the findings in this Reddit thread ancestral herding roots forced rapid brutal retaliation for insults to maintain reputation.
This cultural legacy, not just poverty, drove generations of conflict.
So culture of honor, gladwell argues that families descending from Scottish and Irish herders brought a culture of honor to the Appalachian Mountains.
And these regions law enforcement is weak and survival depends on establishing a reputation for strength and prompt, often violent retaliation against slights.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Who's the name of the book though?
Outliers.
A fucking great book.
It's a really good book.
Yeah, I haven't read it though.
It's really good.
It talks about like why people are successful.
The one of the more interesting things is about the Beatles.
And the Beatles talks about how they got this gig in Hamburg, Germany, where they were performing every fucking day, every day.
They were doing multiple sets every day.
And they did it for like,
a few years and they went back to Liverpool and everybody's like what the fuck happened with you guys like how'd you get so good and they got so good because they were just performing all the time I think it was at a strip club I think it was something crazy like that they were performing music at a strip club like something weird and because of that
They were just getting a wrap, like crazy wraps.
And I think that's the key to, like, almost anything, almost anything.
And this is the argument in Outliers.
It's like, you know, the 10,000 hours of mastery like that argument.
Yeah, but it wasn't the 10,000 hours, it's not exactly what he said, right?
It wasn't.
No, it's a rough, because there's obviously people that are savants.
I think he modified it, because he talked about,
It's it's not about the amount of time as much as it's about the the kind the quality of practice right so like intentional direct it practice which is would be like performing on stage exactly for the all those where is what were they doing in Hamburg Germany Jamie were they
with the at out was it a strip club something like that played in clubs and strip bars yeah so there's a lot of places I guess so they were just going off they were just like doing as many sets as they can which is the same with comedy everybody that we know that really progressed
rapidly.
They did as many sets as possible.
They're hopping all over the place like guys in our club like Ari Maddie for instance.
That fucking dude.
He's he'll go up at the sunset.
He'll go over here.
Go there.
It doesn't show up.
The mother ship.
He's just in it.
You know, he's in it.
Yeah.
You know?
All day.
And when you're doing that, you just get better quicker.
Let's get better and better.
And those dudes that we know that do a set of week, you know, come in, drop in, do 15 minutes, that's it.
You don't see them again for another week.
They kind of like get stale, they stay flat, they get stagnant.
Yeah, stagnant.
Yeah.
Whereas the Beatles just got after it.
And then all of a sudden, love, love, maybe they just got smooth, you know, which makes sense.
That's the case with everything, though.
But like everything you do like you don't want to search and that does brain surgery once a year, you know, you want a guy who's like in it.
He's in it all day.
He's fucking studying journals and practicing with robots.
Yeah, I'm trying to be your third brain that day.
That's right.
Yeah, you don't want to be the fifth brain though.
It gets tired.
No, you know, funny that I just saw something about
They did a study at a courthouse where, and they found that when ever the judges had, like, how harsh of a sentence you received was directly related to how long it had been since the judge ate something.
Oh yeah, I've seen that before.
Yeah, I've seen that.
That's crazy.
Like, and it's enough, it's statistically significant.
Yeah.
Which makes sense.
Cranky.
Or if the judge gets no pussy, it's going through a divorce.
You know, maybe his wife fucked her trainer.
Oh, yeah.
Give me that cube.
Give me the kind judge right after breakfast.
What if you come in and you're a personal trainer, too?
And you're dealing with some shit.
I judge like my wife just fuck it.
I'm people get guilty like that.
They don't give a fuck about about like doing the right thing.
Oh hell no.
No, they just want to they want to feel power fuck people over fuck you fuck all trainers Well, you know another thing I just found out about is um
I think that the country is Anguella, right?
Jamie?
They, they, um, so you know how, you know how like in America, the website to all.com and Russia, it's like dot-r-u.
Right.
And Anguella, it's dot-a-i-i.
Oh.
Which didn't used to mean shit, but now.
No, it's worth some money.
Now they're making so much money selling domains that it's like half of their money.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, it's completely changed the economy there.
Oh, that's crazy because it seems like you're legit if you have like Proplexity dot AI.
Right.
So anybody anything that I got to pay these people.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
But there's so many domains now.
Yeah, just from something we didn't use to think of anything.
Because it used to be like, you only had dot com and dot net.
Oh, yeah.
You never know what to show.
Like, bro, somebody just held up a, uh, somebody, uh, because I'm on a, one of the, one of the, so bread it's I'll be on.
It's called, uh, why would you touch that or what is this?
And usually, usually the same post are on both because people are like, what is this thing?
Right.
And then also why did, why did you why are you touching it?
So, I just saw one recently, but somebody held up a thing and they were like, what is this, what does this, oh, F mean?
And it was like, but it was, it was from, so, you know, Tyler the Creator?
Yes.
So, he, when he first came out, his group was called off-uture.
So this is way before only fans.
And so if you saw OF, you know, before seven years ago, it meant, that's what it meant.
And so it was one of their like stickers or promo things.
It's like that.
But this is a young kid.
He founded it in an attic or something.
He know what the fuck it meant.
He was like, why is it?
Because he knew how old it was.
So he was like, it can't be only fans.
What is this?
Right.
Yeah, and it's like, it changed a lot of times.
They got this dot A. I never thought it nobody thought they would make any fucking money off of it.
Right.
Well, there was other, there's other ones like that too that are kind of interesting.
There's a bunch of different ones.
I'm trying to remember some of them, but some of them are, like, dot biz.
Hmm.
Where'd that come from?
I don't know.
Who is that?
Is that a...
I don't know, but they have that.
They have dot biz.
Like, I've never been back when that used to mean something like that.
We used to have like, don't dot org.
Hmm.
I think that EDU's still a thing.
Like, remember when people sell websites for a lot of money, so people would like buy a bunch of domains and hold on to them like business.
I think business.com, sold for a ton of money.
Yeah.
But now, I think it's hard to do that now.
Yeah, what kind of business do you have?
That people are just looking up business.com.
Why is that even worth anything?
You know what I mean?
That's like eating.com is worth money.
I don't know if you remember back when WhiteHouse.com was a porn site.
Because the actual site was, it's always been WhiteHouse.gov.
But that was back when people didn't know.
So WhiteHouse, so people, whenever anyone was looking for the WhiteHouse, they go, WhiteHouse.com, they go to this point site.
Do you know what Red Band did?
No.
Do you know the Pepsi Spice thing?
No?
What is Pepsi Spice?
What?
What a red band's greatest trolls was he bought Pepsi Spice.com.
So Pepsi Spice was a type of Pepsi that came out.
And so red band bought Pepsi Spice.com and then he started documenting how he was drinking Pepsi Spice and he was having bloody diarrhea.
That's all he was drinking, he was dying, he was getting cancer.
It's like fucking crazy as they.
I mean, he 14 years ago.
So play the gun.
Full screen 16, no.
So he's losing weight.
This is Brian from PepsiSpice.com.
Live people wouldn't believe me so that's why I'm making this video.
My pee has actually turned not yellow, not white, but it's got a fake assing.
And I'm not making this, so that's why I'm filming, going this Canon camera, that S.
It's four megapixel camera.
That's how old this is.
Say he's like, pretend to get his piece bloody.
Oh, this guy.
He's so silly.
He just kept doing it.
Like he got worse and worse and worse.
And eventually Pepsi spiced bought it from him.
The hardest part to believe like that video is the 170 pounds.
Oh, he was really skinny at one point in time.
Yeah.
Brian at one point in time got real heavy and then went on a crazy fitness kick.
He got a stair climber in his house, and he was fucking riding that bitch every day, and he lost a ton of weight.
And he had a photo of him, like with his old jeans.
This is Pepsi Spice Project.
Pepsi Spice Project.
He's so soon.
But this one man he committed a lot of fucking time to this.
It was very funny.
I remember reading it and like dying laughing.
I'm like, you're so ridiculous.
But you know, if rap, if rap band decides fuck you, he can really elevate to like a 50 cent level of
Oh yeah, but this wasn't even fuck you.
This is just him having fun.
Did they come after him?
I think eventually they did.
But the thing was like they were too stupid to buy Pepsi Spice.com when they had Pepsi Spice.
Like you got to buy that.
Like who the fuck?
You should fire somebody.
So many new organizations slipping because he didn't know that Pepsi Spice was going to be a thing until after you released it.
So the fact that you knew that you were going to release Pepsi Spice and you didn't buy a Pepsi Spice.com is kind of crazy.
kind of ridiculous.
Yeah.
That's just shitty planning.
That's whoever works for they deserve whatever he did.
Yeah, I try to, when I try to get, because all my social media stuff is BS and I try to get BS.com or it was, it was BS comedians.com or something like that.
And they, somebody already owns it.
It was like a Canadian improv group or something.
Interesting.
And they, I was like, wow, bye from you.
And the price they say, it was so crazy.
That I was like, what?
How much?
I want to say they asked for like $10,000 or something.
And this was back when I, that was like, I wouldn't pay that now, but back then I didn't even have it.
Right.
It was like, $10,000 is crazy for a website.
Yeah, because it wasn't like, they were doing tons of business through this website.
Were they using it at all?
How much would you paid for it?
Back then?
Yeah.
How would a game of $1,000?
$1,000.
If they said two, no way.
Maybe, maybe $1500 would be the best in the final.
I think today though, all anybody does is do a search of your name, and then they find your website.
Like your Sony wants to find your website, they just search, and that's right there.
But I need, but part of me always wants everything to be the same.
And then it's not being that way anyway, because my TikTok is a different thing than everything else.
Everything is BS comedians except that.
It's interesting that you have TikTok.
Don't you worry about the terms of service?
Like all the access they have to your phone and access to computers around your network.
Who don't watch it?
The Chinese?
I mean, well, now I'm not Chinese anymore.
Yeah, but it's like, you know, for me, I've never, I've never, because the, once, once air was snowed and told us what was up, I'm like, they are, who gives a fuck?
I care who's buying, I'm getting inspired on a matter of what I'm doing.
Yeah.
What the Chinese is going to do to me?
They're going to be like, oh, he's basically, they have everything that you've ever done and they only use it if they catch you.
So if they're looking for something, I'd say if you run for Congress and you do some insider trading, you do something shitty and they come after you.
Then they go, oh, Brian, it's interesting because we have a voicemail.
Oh, yeah.
On someone's.
We were talking about that.
There we got it.
Those have stuff.
Somebody got arrested today from Fauci's administration.
See, that's why they arrested the first guy who was involved in the cover up of the lab leak theory.
And he was using a Gmail account.
Uh, to avoid freedom of information act requests.
So he was using Gmail instead of this is, I don't know what the reality of all this is.
Obviously, I just read it read about it today.
Expouchy top advisor indicted over alleged COVID cover up hidden emails.
David Moran's allegedly received gifts, including wine and high end meals from a collaborator, prosecutor say.
Uh, oh, see, this is why I don't believe in incognito mode.
Yeah, that's all bullshit.
I'm like, you're a jerk off on your main.
And delete that shit out to history.
Because all in cock needle mode is, is just you going, hey Google, this is the stuff I don't want nobody to know about.
It's like an easy one.
And then put it in a file.
He served for years as a top advisor with a national institute of an allergy and infectious diseases and indicted and is accused.
You're fucked, doggard.
Because you can trust me.
Yeah, Google is like, hey, I know.
You don't believe it.
It's legit.
He doesn't need a mode.
So it was using his personal email account to evade federal transparency laws and shield key discussions from freedom of information act requests according to the DOJ indictment on sealed.
It was also apparently bragging about it allegedly.
alleged that Marines conspired with others during the pandemic to hide communications related to a controversial coronavirus research grant that involved collaboration with the Wuhan Institute of Vyrology and China.
The grant was later terminated to meet scrutiny over the COVID-19 may have originated from a lab leak.
How did they catch him?
Well, I mean, they can't get Fauci, right?
This is the thing because they wanted to get Fauci.
That's why the Biden administration gave him a pardon from 2014 on, which is really kind of wild.
Federal prosecutors also claim that Moran's received gifts from a collaborator, including wine and offers of high-end meals, and later took steps to justify these perks by contributing to a scientific publication supporting the theory that COVID-19 emerged naturally rather than from the Wuhan lab.
So they bribe them to get him to do this, allegedly.
Um, he's one of, I think a bunch of people that are going to wind up going down.
There's too many people that are pissed off.
There's too many people.
I mean, too much money got lost.
Too many people wound up dying.
Wait, what, what, what do you think?
Why do you think anybody's going to go to prison now?
They never go to prison.
Oh, you're not know.
This is a new thing.
I mean, this kind of thing is a new thing.
And there's enough people that want heads to roll.
This is a weird thing.
I mean, there's a weird thing where they shut the whole country down.
If you find out that these people actually paid to have this virus engineered and they were lying about it and hiding it and covering it up.
Oh, I see.
That's what I took from that.
The virus came from the Wuhan lab, okay?
These people were hiding the fact that they were funding the Wuhan lab.
They were funding.
Oh, they creation of the water group that was funding.
And he was also allegedly being bribed with things to promote the idea that it came from naturally from natural spillover versus from a lab leak.
Who's alleging?
Whoever the prosecutors are, whoever the, I mean, I don't know, I don't know what's going on.
I don't know what they know and what they don't know, but I do know that obviously there was a concerted effort to make it seem like this came naturally and not from the Wuhan lab.
There was a giant effort, which is why on YouTube, if you had posted during like 2020 about a lab leak, if you said I think it came from a lab, they would literally pull you off of YouTube.
They would kick you off a Twitter back then.
Before Elon bought Twitter, they would kick you off Twitter.
If you were going on and on about it, this is a lab leak.
I mean, we live in an meantime, man, a hypothetical, a fucking world up.
You can't even chew on it.
You can't even, like, have a play devil's advocate.
Well, you can now.
You can now because of Twitter, because the Elon bought it.
But before then, when the government was essentially in control, I mean, the government was conspiring to control and- Can you talk shit about him?
about Elon yeah people do all day they're all day yeah all over Twitter in his defense I mean I'm sure he blocks them but I mean he if you block somebody but that you could talk people talk mad shit about that motherfucker be on Twitter way too much for how rich he is not only that how busy is
I don't understand it.
Boy, busy tweeting.
What's he doing?
But he's busy making rockets and shit.
I mean, I don't understand it.
I don't know how he has the time.
I can't do it.
He ain't making the rockets.
He got like slaves or whatever.
I don't know what he, I'm sure he got like geniuses change.
He does, but he's in charge of a lot of it, man.
I went to the rocket factory during the launch.
Jamie went to.
We all went and watched SpaceX launch.
We went down to the coal.
What's the golf, right?
Oh yeah, they didn't mean guys, but you know they just launched, or they're gonna launch on SpaceX, they're gonna launch the new telescope.
Yes.
The, uh, was it?
The Nancy Grace Roman, the Roman telescope, but ooh, this motherfuckers.
These, these new telescopes are kind of crazy because the more they find out, the more they find out that like, oh, we didn't know that.
It was crazy about this one is how fast they built it.
And, and this is the craziest part.
It's under budget.
So they built it faster than they said for less than what they said.
And now, what is the power of this one as opposed to like the James Webb?
Apparently, so I was listening to this, should I was fascinated earlier, but they're saying, so they weren't comparing to the James Webb to compare it to the Hubble.
Because the James Webb is more infrared, but this is more like the Hubble, but
It takes a picture at the same resolution as the Hubble, but way, way bigger.
So they were saying that there is not a screen that exists that you could display the picture on.
Yeah, it's a wide field instrument whereas the James telescope is near and for an interesting.
So what is this going to be able to detect?
that the James Webb can't.
Exoplanets is one of the big ones.
It's like way way way way way more than we can imagine if they find exoplanets and you can see lights on them.
Like us.
Well, I don't know if that's possible.
One day.
Just imagine.
Imagine.
Oh, yeah, I think about it all the time.
Fucking crazy.
Yeah, so yeah, so see how huge.
Holy shit.
Yeah, compared to more of the Hubble I think than the
James Webb in the type of telescope it is.
Yeah, and just the amount of information that it can take in.
They're fine and shed for the James Webb that's freaking them out.
They're fine and things that make them question the age of the universe.
Oh, yeah.
And this thing is going to, it's going to do like we, because I don't know if you remember this, but the first time I was on this pod, I told you about the James Webb's wait, like a year and a half before it came out.
I'll just tell you that it existed, that it was going to change everything.
Yeah.
And it has.
And this one is going to do the same thing.
The formation of galaxies is freaking them out.
They find these galaxies that are formed way too quickly.
So they're confused.
And now they're starting to, like, are we wrong about how long it takes to form a galaxy or are we wrong about the age of the universe?
Yeah, I mean, there's, there's the, we're wrong about everything.
I mean, we're wrong about a lot of things.
But, but, you know, the thing about scientists love being wrong.
Yeah, they do.
Well, especially these kind of scientists, they love their love new discoveries.
They're like, oh, they're not crazy.
Yeah, they're not talking about it.
Also, it's very difficult to argue when you get the data back from these things.
I mean, it is what it is.
We were talking about this recently that they found a black hole that's bigger than our galaxy.
Oh, yeah, yeah, that what?
Wow, I think it was sending me that.
I think something.
Or it might may not be bigger than our galaxy or it's commensurate with our galaxy.
It's like it's there's one that they found that was bigger than our entire social.
It was tons something.
It's bigger than the solar system.
But that's one.
But there was the alpha.
What was the other one?
Did we look at the other day?
And then we brought it up the other day.
There's one that's even larger than that.
They keep finding these ones that are just impossibly big.
Yeah, because it would have to have been primordial, right?
They would have to have formed.
But this was the question.
They said that it was so big.
It didn't make sense that it had enough time to suck up enough stars to get that big.
That was the problem.
They were like, there's not enough time from the birth of the universe for this thing to exist and be this big.
Yeah, because it would have had to have started at a time where the matter wasn't close enough together to even form things.
That's so fucked up.
It's so crazy.
Yeah.
Just the idea of a black hole bigger than all the way out to Pluto.
Here's a black hole.
Here's a real sad thing.
There's there's there's a lot of things that we that are just not knowable to us like we just we'll never know.
Right.
And we and that's you we just got to accept like like you hear every time you hear them talk about how we you know, we're expanding.
that the universe is expanding so rapidly then eventually it's going to be because it's speeding up so eventually it's going to be expanding close to the speed of light right and so it's like at some point if there's still people on earth by then at some point there's not going to be any stars we're going to be it's going to be expanding so so rapidly that when you look up at the sky you're not going to see anything
like they're going to think they're going to think that everything outside our galaxy doesn't exist.
I mean, they're going to see stars, but you're not going to see, they're not going to know that there's other galaxies.
Because the light won't be reaching us.
So it's like, so imagine the stuff that we can't know now, that we are already beyond what we couldn't even know.
I think it's called Phoenix.
I think that was the, it's the same thing.
I'm looking at the other, everything about 10, 6, 1, 18, it's the biggest thing they've ever found.
And how big is it exactly?
88.
It's, I don't know.
Mass is the size of roughly 66 billion sons, I think.
I don't know what that means, man.
66 billion solid names.
That's so great.
You can't even really imagine that.
Do you know what they said that there are more planets in the universe than there are seconds since the Big Bang?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what it is.
Okay, so Phoenix, the quasar, as a quasar, tons, six, eight teams believe to be the active, galactic nucleus at the center of a galaxy.
The engine of which is a supermassive black hole feeding on intensely hot gas and matter in an accretion disc.
What does that mean?
That's the disk around the black hole that, like when it eats something, that's where the light is coming from.
How when did they discover this?
Nature of this object was first known in 57, 13 years later, 1970, discovered emissions from it.
I don't want to get it really get freaked out.
Jamie, look up the great attractor.
What is that?
So this scary space is so there is something on the other side of us that we can't see and everything is moving in that direction, including us and we don't know what's pulling you.
What?
Hidden galaxies discovered in the zone of avoidance.
What does that mean?
the great attractor to feet dark energy would.
Now look at what is it.
The greater tractors, the region of gravitational attraction in intergalactic space and the apparent central gravitational point of the Lana Kia super cluster of galaxies that includes the Milky Way galaxy as well as about 100,000 other galaxies.
The observed attraction suggests a localized concentration of mass, having the order of 10 to the 16 solar masses.
However, it's obscured by the Milky Way's galactic plane lying above the zone of avoidance so that invisible light wavelengths the greater tractors difficult to observe directly.
There's no way you can know everything.
There's too much information.
So we know everything's being sucked towards it.
What is that?
We don't know.
And it's sucking all these galaxies, all these stupid galaxies, everything's moving towards it.
And we can't tell what it is.
Imagine if your job to know what's going on in the universe.
Hey, Brian, write me a paper on what's going on in the universe.
Like everything?
Everything.
It would never end.
There's with every new satellite that gets launched that can see into the space.
Every new telescope that gets utilized like we're fucked.
Here's the other thing, though.
I could be wrong about this.
I mean, I'm wrong about a lot of shit.
I think that it, it, it, it actually physically impossible for you to know even a fraction of the things because any, any device that could store that amount of information with collapse into a black hole before you could get anywhere near storing enough.
So your brain couldn't even hold
even even a percentage of a percentage of the information.
That makes sense.
We have pea brains.
Yeah.
There's no way we could have that information.
The South Pole?
What is this?
Flat earthers are going to love this.
Okay.
South Pole wall or the South Pole was a massive cosmic structure formed by giant wall of galaxies, a galaxy filament.
that extends across at least 1.37 billion light years of space.
The nearest light and consequently part of which is aged at about a half a billion light years.
The structure in its astronomical angle is dense in five known places, including one very near the celestial south pole and is according to the international team of astronomers to discover the south pole wall.
the largest, contiguous feature in the local volume and comparable to the Sloan Great Wall at half the distance.
Okay, you just like I just were a block them by walls as long as it's getting out.
Maybe that's why they're confused.
Maybe that's what they think the Antarctic Wall or maybe the rest of the galaxy knows that we are problem and they got us locked in.
You know, perhaps we got we got an out before him.
Fuck the galaxy up.
Maybe.
Back in the Egyptian days.
Maybe that's what they were doing.
Something.
You see that you've seen that shit they found underneath the pyramids, right?
No.
You haven't seen that?
I don't think so.
What do you mean?
Oh, you don't know.
Okay.
They found these structures.
They use what is it called radio tomography, satellite radio tomography, and there's this ground penetrating shit that they found these structures underneath the pyramid to go like over kilometer deep into the earth.
like pillars, giant columns that are surrounded by coils that go down at the ground.
And they've used this technology successfully to detect things that they know exist, like certain voids that are in pyramids and certain chambers, and certain temples that they know exist underground.
And they've accurately described these things, including they use this radio tomography on, there's a mountain in Italy that has a particle collider at the bottom of the mountain, over a kilometer.
into the mountain.
They built this particle collider.
And this thing, this information, this technology shows an accurate image of what this particle collider looks like.
The exact dimensions shows it exact.
And so they're using this underneath the pyramid.
And this guy, Philippo Beyondi, is a Italian scientist that I had on the podcast.
explain that they've used this underneath the pyramids and there's these undeniable structures that exist that go down into the ground, like very deep into the ground.
So the pyramids are just the top of this immense structure.
When you say the Italian sound does I just keep thinking about him like taking a nap in the middle of it.
I eat pasta, drinking wine, eventually we have figured it out.
So you're saying that there's, that there machines down there or something?
They don't know what it is.
So they have a really dug into the ground and investigated it fully yet, but they know that these sensors, this technology is detecting these structures.
Jamie show them what it looks like.
So show them the 3D model.
They made a 3D model of the shock that we can't get in there.
That's what they think it looks like.
Okay.
What?
Imagine.
If that's accurate, if there really are columns underneath the pyramid, I mean, that seems impossible.
It seems impossible.
And there's heat?
No, I don't think it's heat.
I don't think that's what it...
This is a water table underneath there too.
And they think it has something to do with the use of the pyramid in the first place.
That it wasn't simply just a structure that it had some sort of a use in that these columns were doing something.
And then it was probably some sort of a technology.
Look how nuts that is.
Megastructures underneath the pyramids.
Could you go back to what that one said with the, yeah, we're there.
Look at that.
A alleged Megastructures under Egypt's pyramids sparking fascination and fear skepticism worldwide.
Will you lose something?
No, I think about it.
So if it's true, that's nuts.
Yeah, I mean, that sounds absolutely fucking crazy to me.
I'm just thinking about the work that it would take to even do that.
Right.
And what kind of a society did that?
And for what purpose?
And it's at least 4,500 years old, at least at least.
Yeah.
And so apparently those ancient pyramids were before we thought they were.
Like I thought like the modern Egyptians built those pyramids.
No.
They were the pyramids were ancient to them.
Well, that seems to be the case with a lot.
That's the, the lab rent.
That's underneath the, it's outside of the pyramids.
This is another insane structure that they found that Herodidis documented way back in, you know, thousands of years ago.
But this is all Ben Van Kirkwick from
His uncharted X YouTube channel sort of described all this and explained it and they've used scans, ground penetrating radar to show that there's this immense structure that Herodidis described as being greater than Giza itself that's underneath the ground.
And inside the labyrinth there's a 40 meter long metallic object that shaped like a tic-tac.
So whatever the fuck that is, who knows, but I think there's a lot of shit from that part of the world that's going to show us that civilization at one point in time had received very high level, like probably even higher than we are today.
And then it was wiped out and then we're the rebuild.
But he didn't cure a syphilis.
I heard from Michigan or some shit.
I heard from Washington probably from Michigan.
No, no, it was in Washington.
Washington?
Yeah, the dude, the dude.
A new kind of syphilis?
It's not a dude had to be at two syphilis.
two different.
Yeah, two ones.
What a dirty pants of it.
And they, they, like the same way that COVID was going through like genetic recombination.
So like, uh huh.
They were exchanging traits inside his body.
Oh, boy.
And creating a super circle.
Yeah.
And then, and then, and then, and then what happened is a bunch of old ladies kept going to the ER.
and they all kept describing the same man, and they just spread it.
He was a super spread.
He was spreading it.
And he went to the ER because it was, because apparently like this whatever strain he has, it just causes you to go blind super quickly and all these things.
There's the bait about whether he knew he was purposely spreading it and didn't give a fuck because they told him, yeah, you got to come back.
And then he went, he didn't go back until he had another emergency and he went to a different emergency room.
How many times in human history has happened the cause of a plague?
Some guy wouldn't stop fucking.
That was not fucking.
And just won't tell anybody.
I mean, you can't be mad.
You can't be mad at it.
It's five cases of rare, ocular syphilis, which can cause vision impairment or blindness.
Identified in Southwest Michigan, Michigan.
To march in July 2020, all linked to a single heterosexual male partner.
Wow.
All five women, aged 40 to 60, he wasn't picky, reported having sexual contact with the same man.
This guy was a freak.
Yeah, but he was a fucking fucking people blind.
Because he was crazy.
Imagine leaving the emergency room.
Because the first time he was in emergency room, he thought he had her peace.
And they gave him something to that and he left.
But imagine coming from the emergency room from the STD scare and going right back to fucking and going blind.
All patients were hospitalized and successfully treated with intravenous penicillin.
No further cases were linked to this man after this treatment.
Whoo!
All right, Brown.
What's room to set up with super-seplists?
Mm-hmm.
Anything going on?
When is... You're gonna put your special...
I'm gonna put that later, yeah.
When you're gonna put that out.
Uh, I think it's gonna be summertime, July.
Okay.
I'm gonna put my special lip on YouTube.
Come back in July.
Yeah, we'll do that.
I'll see you tonight.
All right, yeah.
Thanks for coming.com.
Bryan Simpson, come on.
Good bye.